Motion
THBT it is the duty of any state to grant political asylum to whistleblowers from other countries
THW use all dead human bodies for the benefit of those waiting for organ transplants
THW suspend all regulation regarding environmental protection laws and policies during prolonged periods of economic recession
THBT the Pope should be elected by all Catholics
THBT intelligence agencies should be allowed to monitor all people without their consent
THW allow the use of performance enhancing drugs in competitive sports
TH condemns the use of military drones in all military operations
THW forbid testing on all animals
THW ban all art that offends religious communities
THBT that the European Union has failed
THBT the Baltic states should not provide any development aid
THW create a state-run monopoly of porn and use it for social engineering
THW ban any religious influence on people below the age of 18
THW gradually stop paying old age pensions
THW legalize duels in cases of adultery
THW cap prices for vitally important goods like bread and milk
THBT parties with overdue debts should not be allowed to participate in elections
THB in visa freedom with Russia
THW criminalize the payment of ransom
THBT the EU should approve member countries budget deficit sides
THW give parents proxy votes for their children
THW give North Korea unconditional food aid
THW allow surrogate motherhood for profit
THW ban equality movements focusing on one group only
THW tie the liabilities of borrowers to the value of their provided collateral
THW place tax on fast food
THW tie foreign aid to environmental standards
THBT torture is justified
THBT there are no more heros
THW ban extremist political parties
THBT sporting boycotts are a legitimate political tool
THW declare sex with a trafficked prostitue rape
THW ban the reporting of hostage taking
THW legalise euthanasia
THBT multinational companies are friends of the developing world
THW impose environmental tax on airlines
THW change the constitution of Japan allowing them to have offensive forces
THW introduce national quotas for accepting immigrants for EU member states
THW allow the sale of organs
THW compel prisoners to be subject to medical experiments
This house would ban government funding of religious schools
This house believes that the UK should abolish it’s nuclear arsenal
This House supports accelerated land redistribution in South Africa
This house would criminalize the payment of ransom
This house supports independence for Quebec
This house would abolish all taxes on inherited wealth
This house would support regime change in Myanmar/Burma
This house would ban Cosmetic Surgery
This house would grant citizenship in exchange for military service
This house would lift sanctions on Iran
This house believes all serious crimes should be trialed by Jury
This house believes that politicians have a right to a private life
This house would designate one city to permanently host the Olympics
This house believes that governments should provide heroin addicts with safe injection facilities
This house supports a 35 hour working week
This house believes that developing nation should nationalize their energy resources
This house believes that people sentenced to life imprisonment should be allowed to choose the death penalty instead
This house would ban websites that glorify eating disorders
This house believes that economic growth is the solution to climate change
THW make people pay for private car ownership (not exact wording)
THW make voting in European Parliament Elections mandatory (not exact wording)
THW put a tax on the number of foreign players in a sports teams (not exact wording)
This House would allow the use of torture.
This House believes that Taiwan should declare independence now
THW not allow local government to pay for the relocation of homeless people.
This House believes that the European Union should only direct aid to nations that pursue environmentally sustainable development.
This House believes that every criminal defendant should be required to use a government provided defense lawyer.
THW subject foreign political contributions to greater restrictions than domestic contributions.
This House would assassinate Vladimir Putin.
THB that governments should never rescue failing private industry.
This House would deny scarce medical resources to terminally ill patients.
This house would eliminate all non state-run schools
This House would support the use of mercenaries by the United Nations.
This House would force religious adoption agencies to place children with homosexual couples.
This House would require doctors to report all cases of suspected domestic violence.
This house believes that the Turkish military should stop enforcing the separation of church (mosque) and state
This house regrets the passing of Bhutto
This house would stop the search for the gay gene
This house would let them eat whale
This house would put an age limit on debating
THB that governments in the developing world should invest in sex tourism.
This House would force religious adoption agencies to place children with homosexual couples.
THB that extreme economic need should be grounds for asylum.
THB that people who give HIV to others must pay drug support.
This house would ban all forms of gambling.
This house would fire the senior managements of all corporations which receive government bailouts.
This house would allow soldiers to sue their government for negligence.
This house would force the religious desegregation of Northern Irish schools.
This house believes that China and India should bear the same obligations as the West in fighting climate change
This house would criminalise adultery.
This house believes that the west should recognise the independence of Abkhazia.
This house would apply a lower rate of income tax to women.
This house would ban the publication of political opinion polls.
This house would prohibit all private health care.
This house would implement quotas for domestic players in national football leagues.
This house would arm local militia to fight the taliban in Afghanistan.
This house believes that the international criminal court should prosecute crimes against the democratic process.
This house believes governments should subsidise private home ownership.
This house would ban abortion at all stages of pregnancy
This house would ban labour unions.
This house believes that developing nations should pay for the full tuition of female university students.
This house would financially incentivize both inter-faith and inter-ethnic marriages.
THW prohibit high-ranking members of the Sri Lankan military and the Tamil Tigers from participation in the election.
THW abolish taxes on alcohol and cigarettes that go beyond normal sales taxes.
THW prosecute communities for complicity in honour killings.
THW grant those diagnosed with terminal illnesses the right to access treatments that have not completed clinical testing.
THW partition Sudan.
THW ban all pornography.
This House would use faith based rehabilitation in prison.
This House believes that democratic states should own their own broadcasting corporations.
This House would ban any scheme intended to cure homosexuality
This house would allow prisoners to raise their babies behind bars.
This house would prohibit expression that portrays convicted war criminals in a positive light.
This house believes the West should recognise the Dalai Lama
This house would ban all procedures to alter one's racial appearance.
THB that the United States government should subsidize Twitter to liberalize oppressed societies
THB that the media should show the full horror of war
THW criminalize women that drink alcohol during pregnancy
THBT English should be the only language of education in developing countries
THW forcibly settle the Roma
THBT the US should stop all support (including military) until Israel unilaterally withdraws from illegal settlements in Palestine
THW introduce quotas of poor and rich in all schools
THBT the state should approve all loans
THBT emergent democracies should ban all political rallies and other large public gatherings
This house believes that national sporting teams should reflect the diversity of the national population
This house believes that all states have a right to nuclear weapons
This house believes that governments should not provide benefits on the basis of marital status
This house believes that central banks should set limits on government spending
This wouse would prioritise asylum Seekers who have engaged in armed struggle against oppressive regimes
This wouse would allow teachers unions the right to strike
This wouse would require individuals to reveal their actual identity when communicating on the internet
This house believes that the southern african development community (SADC) should pursue political union
This house believes that social movements should use the courts rather than the legislature to advance social change
This wouse would buy countries votes in international organizations
This house believes that courts should not enforce wills that discriminate on the basis of race
This house opposes organised religion
This wouse would invade Zimbabwe
This house supports a one state solution for the Israeli-Palestinian conflict
This wouse would give more votes to the poor
This house believes that domestic courts should try foreign nationals who commit war crimes abroad
This wouse would prefer that the children of racial minorities be adopted by parents of that race
This house believes that the courts should break up consistently dominant political parties
This wouse would buy local
This house prefers a philosopher King to a tyrannical democracy
THW ban the payment of ransoms
THW force elected politicians and their families to use only public health and education services
THW mandate the use of condoms in porn
THW prosecute violent fouls in sports as criminal assault
Actually, THW rather see one innocent man go to jail than a 100 guilty men walk free
THBT natural resources should belong to the world and not to any individual country
THBT a universal minimum standard of education is a prerequisite for democracy
THBT consent is not a source of moral legitimacy
THBT EU membership should not be determined on the basis of geographic criteria
THBT media company owners have the right to influence the nature of news
THBT China should abolish the “Gaokao” in favour of allowing universities to establish their own (admission) criteria
THBT during riots it is legitimate for governments to deny access to social networks
THBT a Chinese Marshall Plan should be initiated to save the Euro
THW demand international corporations operating in China to uphold the same environmental standards required in their home country
THBT Mandarin should be taught as the primary second language in all EU schools
THW make parents pass a test before having children
THW halt all development aid to countries that punish homosexuality
THW allow the police full and unrestricted access to Facebook and other social media
THW ban corporate sponsorship of academic research
THW allow convicted criminals the choice between their sentence and the same number of years of weekly corporal punishment
THBT there should be no limit on self-defence against violent crimes
THW ban parades and demonstrations that could incite a violent response
THBT the UN should offer large bounties for the capture of pirates and the destruction of pirate ships
THW ban all religions from actively seeking conversions
THBT America and the EU should cease all financial, political and military aid to both Israel and the Palestinian Authority until they reach a peace deal
THW ban political parties that propagate racism and xenophobia
THBT even in an oppressive state, citizens should not turn to violence as a means of opposition
THW ban nuclear energy
THW abolish the British Monarchy
THB the UN should immediately recognise and independent state of Palestine
THW cease all austerity measures in favour of a massive increase in government spending
THW start a marxist revolution
THB the world is a safer place since the collapse of the USSR
THW give Parliament the right to determine the moment a monarch steps down
THW deny Greece the Euro (or: THW kick Greece out of the Eurozone)
THW remove the right to religious freedom from the constitution
THW help countries with the death penalty to implement it humanely
THW give harsher punishments to those who commit crimes during riots
THW have minimum quotas for different ethnic groups living in public housing estates
THBT serving military generals should be prohibited from talking to the Media
THBT the Indian Government Should Ban marriage between Members of the Same Caste
THW create a free market for the sale of babies
THW allow constituents to recall their elected representatives
THBT the countries of former Yugoslavia should create a common history curriculum and textbooks
THBT Mexico Should Legalise the Sale, Production and Transit of all Drugs
THW end all subsidies for small farms
TH regrets the extra judicial killing of Colonel Gaddafi
THW outsource the capture of elusive criminals to bounty-hunters.
THBT Ireland should create constituencies, elected by people who emigrate from Ireland
THW grant aboriginal peoples copyrights over depictions of their culture.
THW allow the families of dead people to sue for libel on their behalf
THBT it is legitimate for politicians to lie to the electorate about their real views.
THW grant minors the right to euthanasia regardless of parental consent.
Regardless of the relative efficiency of various economic systems, THBT meritocracy is a just way of allocating resources.
THBT the media should not report the declared motivations of protesters who use violence
THBT emerging democracies should limit their presidents to a single term in office
THW not contact, trade or otherwise engaging with uncontacted Yanomami communities in the Amazon forest
THW disband the BBC
The House does not regret the invasion of Iraq.
THW Only Imprison Criminals Who Threaten the Safety of Citizens.
THW End Fiscal Austerity and Increase Government Security on Education, Health and Infrastructure.
THBT Israel was Right to Negotiate the Release of Gilad Shilat.
THW Ban the Production and Consumption of Meat.
THW Allow Doctors to Lie to Patients in Order to Use the Placebo Effect (not sure of wording)
THW Ban Porn
“THW cut all foreign aid in times of recession”
“TH is Disgusted by 'Toddlers and Tiaras' and other Child Beauty Pagants”
“THB it's High Time the Monarchy was Abolished”
“THB Manchester City and Teams of their Ilk are Ruining Football”
“THW give Extra Leaving Cert Points for Extra Curricular Activities”
“THW use Military Force to Remove Kim Jong Il from Power Immediately”
“THB that Barack Obama's Presidency has been a Success”
“THW Abolish the Minimum Wage”
“THB it's Abhorrent for Western Countries to Employ Doctors from the Third World”
“THW Introduce Mandatory Paternity Leave”
“THB Norris was/is the Right Choice for President of Ireland”
“THB Wireless Internet Access Should be a Right not a Privilege”
“THW Force People to take a Mandatory Civics Test before Voting in National Elections/Referendas”
“THB the IOC Should Ban Drug Cheats for Life”
“TH Regrets the Demise of the Green Party”
“THW Remove all Catholic Control of Public Education by the End of the School Year”
THBT the USA should stop its military support of Taiwan
THBT the state has a duty to provide free, unlimited and uncensored access to the Internet at every home
THW legalise all forms of hatespeech
THW still pronounce a verdict for civil cases which have been settled out of court
THBT each country has a duty to limit population growth
You are the commander of an Israeli submarine in the Persian Gulf. It is the day after Israel was annihilated in a surprise Iranian nuclear attack: THW not use Israel's second strike capabilities
THW halt all state-sponsored efforts to integrate immigrants into society
THB the police should not create perp walks.
THW teach boys those aspects of subjects which are thought to be most interesting to them, such as military history.
THW require all newspapers to be constituted as cooperatives, owned and run by journalists.
Insofar as it is cost effective, THBT authorities should routinely gather and access as much information, including private and personal information, that may conceivably be useful in solving or preventing crime, as possible.
THW punish NHS workers who do not blow the whistle on malpractice, corruption or negligence, of which they know, as if they had carried out the act themselves.
This house believes it is illegitimate for governments to prevent any peaceful protest in public space.
This house would not prosecute people living below the poverty line for purely acquisitive crime.
This house believes that the media should not use the phrase 'big society' uncritically.
THW positively discriminate for women in the armed forces
THW introduce a salary cap for European footballers
THB The state should financially support newspapers
THW only hire disabled actors to play disabled characters
THW abolish JobBridge
THW set a cap on pay for all chief executives and other high level employees of chartities.
THW abolish geographical constituencies and hold only national elections
THW allow people to sell their organs.
THW give social welfare in the form of vouchers.
THW abolish all laws prohibiting cruelty to animals
THW allow parents to remove their children from sex education classes.
THBT news outlets should not have shown images of Gaddafi’s corpse
THW dismantle power sharing in the North and elect the Stormont Assembly by PR STV
THW ban the use, in schools, of literature that reinforces traditional gender roles.
THW Not outsource the running of hospitals to private companies.
THW allow police to temporarily suspend social networking sites in the interest of restoring law and order
THW publicly fund research into paranormal phenomena
THW Occupy Dame Street
THW impose a moratorium on home foreclosures
THW prohibit the release of previously unpublished artistic works, after the death of the creator, author or musician
TH regrets the popularity of the Twilight series
THW Would Reintroduce Hard Labour in Prisons
THW not lie to its children about Santa Claus
THB that it is in the interests of women’s equality to campaign against maternity leave.
THW require internet subscribers to opt in in order to be able to view pornorgraphic websites
That military officers should be allowed to publicly criticise the government
This House would allow the defendants that belong to a minority group to choose to be judged by a jury composed exclusively of other members of their same minority group.
THW (assuming the technology existed) implant irremovable tracking chips in its citizens
THBT Trade Unions do more harm than good for workers
THBT destruction of private property is a legitimate tool for environmental campaigners
THW End All State Funding For The Arts
THW Allow People To Sell Their Organs
THBT sexual education classes in schools should teach techniques or pure sexual gratification (including but not limited to ...list follows)
THBT in developing countries aid organisations should be banned from religious proselytyzing
THW suspend trade unions and labour protection laws in times of economic crisis
THBT Israel should Materially Support Arab Pro-Democratic Movements
THW place a special tax on successful artists in order to fund new and developing artists
THBT the LBGT movement should not support Gay Pride marches
THBT the leaders of big world corporations should be democratically chosen by national elections
THBT international law should allow states which accept refugees to sue the states they come from for compensation.
THW establish brothels on military bases
THW establish geographical zones in which the sale, possession, and use of drugs is legal
THW allow family members to forcibly commit proven alcoholics and drug addicts to rehabilitation clinics
THBT all research organizations should institute codes of conduct that forbid the creation of strong Artificial Intelligence (Info slide: A ‘Weak’ Artificial Intelligence is only capable of solving narrowly defined problems. A ‘Strong’ AI is capable of all the same kinds of intellectual tasks as human beings. A Strong AI would be able to reason, plan, learn, adapt, and communicate in natural language. Researchers at major universities have made significant progress towards the creation of Strong AI.)
THW provide financial assistance to inner city communities to prevent gentrification
THBT China should make extracting a full apology for Japan’s war crimes a top strategic priority
THBT feminism should not campaign against polygamy in poor countries
THW take the children of the Amish into care
THB that it is morally legitimate for Occupy Movement to use violence to undermine capitalist institutions
THW consider the use of conscripts a war crime
TH regrets the rise of a distinct African American culture
THW break Google’s search monopoly
This house would ban under 18's from appearing on reality TV shows
This house would ban all space exploration for the foreseeable future
This house would globally create a tax on financial transactions
This house would apply all libel law to content produced on social networking sites
This house would euthanise all people on their 80th brithday
THW make voting a use it or lose it right
THBT state has an obligation to fund the arts
THBT all countries’ education systems should focus on the teaching of English
THW allow abortion only in the case of both parents’ consent
THBT the European experiment has failed
THBT media in liberal Western democracies is not independent and free
THW give every citizen a positive and a negative vote in elections
TH supports the implementation of a global Robin Hood tax
TH regrets the undemocratic election of Italy’s and Greece’s president
THBT the EU should make Serbian membership conditional upon Serbia’s acceptance of gay rights
THBT newly democratised Arab countries should not allow religious parties to participate in elections
This House believes that the media should show the full horror of war
This House approves of "hacktivism" against misbehaving corporations.
THW give transnational EU citizenship to Roma.
THBT there will be no peace in the Middle East without an independent Palestine.
THBT war criminals should be put on trial in their home countries.
THBT states should guarantee legally enforceable socio-economic rights.
HBT Greece should go bankrupt
THBT companies should be held liable in their home countries for environmental damage in other countries
THBT the feminist movement should seek a ban on pornography
"THW Remove all State Funding from RTE"
"THB if Josef Mengele had Discovered a Cure for Cancer, it'd be morally Acceptable to use it"
"THW Remove Equal State Suffrage in the United States Senate"
"TH Supports 'The Right to be Forgotten' (in relation to internet privacy)"
"THB Enda Kenny's first 9 months as Taoiseach have been a success"
"THW Allow Organised Fight Clubs"
"THW Introduce Sex-Affirmative Action for Corporate Executives"
"THW Abolish Libel"
THBT American political parties should hold their primaries nation-wide on one day
THBT immigration is a good solution to counter an aging population
THW nationalise the banking sector
(In 2050 scientists have localised the gen that causes paedophilic tendencies. The gen can be surgically removed/”turned off” without major impact) THW require everyone with the gen to undergo surgery, even if they have never been convicted of a crime
THW ban all advertising
THBT large-scale land redistribution are a legitimate way to combat poverty in the third world
THW require the ICC to prosecute Netanyahu
THW allow gifted students to skip years in primary and secondary school
THBT all countries should abandon the fight against climate change and should just seek to adapt to its consequences
(Pre-released motion) THBT all US primary elections should be held on the same day
THB the EU should centrally govern all vital aspects of the economies of heavily indebted eurozone nations
THBT single parents in prison should be provided with special treatment to allow them to raise their young children from behind bars
THBT Pakistan should cease all assistance to the United States in the fight against the Taliban
THW criminalise all forms of racist speech and behaviour, even where it falls short of directly inciting racial hatred or violence
THW ban the smacking of children
THBT one party's maximum share in the parliament should be limited to 50% + 1 place
THBT eurozone countries that are in danger of default should be forced to give up control over taxation and budget spending in addition to receiving a bail-out.
THBT legislators should not take the will of the people into consideration, when the reason behind it is religious
THBT countries should use political leverage to influence judicial proceedings involving their citizens in other countries.
THBT Russia along with the EU & US should implement a complete trade ban with Iran
THBT society would be better if the primary duty of companies were to their workers and not to their shareholders
Should appeal procedures (Einspruchsmöglichkeiten) against construction projects for renewable energy be cancelled?
Should the inclusion of disabled children in German schools be stopped?
Should the NPD be banned?
Should human rights be cancelled for those persons who violate human rights?
Should news be censored when it could shake the confidence in the public finances of a Eurozone member?
Should the West support the uprising in Syria militarily?
Do we need a United States of Europe?
THBT all bail-out packages should be approved by a popular referendum in the recipient party
THBT the Arab League should impose an oil embargo on the EU until the EU member states lift their ban on the Islamic Veil
THBT it would be better if Sinn Fein took their seats (in the UK parliament)
THBT Virginia Tech should remember Seung-Hui Cho, the shooter, along with his victims in its memorials … and launch 33 balloons
THW allow defendants in criminal trials to ask the judge to be acquitted on the grounds that the law they broke was unjust, and would instruct all juries to take this defense into account
THBT the State should have no role in the recognition of marriage
THBT the State should give everyone an equal salary, paid for by the government, even if they are unemployed
THW refuse war veterans the right to vote
THBT parenthood should be by license only
THBT states should actively try to break down internet censorship of foreign regimes
THBT gay professional sportspeople have a duty to come out
THBT the European Union should have direct powers of taxation
THW legalize opium production in Afghanistan
THBT serial marital infidelity should be a bar to seeking high political office
THW partition Belgium
THBT the Russian language should be an official language of Estonia
THW ban pornography
THBT political assassination is a legitimate tool for foreign policy
THW have a maximum wage
THW stop all measures to prevent suicides
THW break the state monopoly on alcohol
THW not fund public service broadcasters (like YLE or BBC)
THBT free health care should cover cosmetic surgery
THBT Finland should unilaterally pull out of the Euro
THW create a common European defence force
THW appoint the parliament by lottery
THBT High Schools should not award the titles Prom King and Prom Queen at the Senior Prom
THW Make Substantial Military Service a Condition for Running for the Presidency of the United States
THBT Facebook, Google, and Yahoo should take active steps to prevent the formation of "filter bubbles"
THW allow individuals to legally occupy any building that has been unused for more than 6 months
THBT the Japanese Government should allow its citizens to form leagues of masked vigilantes to fight the Yakuza
THBT Courts in Emerging Democracies should break up persistently dominant political parties
THBT Western nations should make development aid conditional on the protection of LGBT (Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transsexual) rights.
THBT governments should lie to their populations in time of economic crisis, where the lies are deemed likely to improve the economy.
THW make any language which is spoken by at least 5% of the population an official state language and offer all state service in that language.
THBT the US military should destroy Iran's nuclear program.
THW require all media aimed at children to undermine traditional gender roles
THW make the US pay reparations to its Muslim citizens.
THBT the time for the United States of Europe has come.
Fake or Real: Should photoshopped (retouched) images be banned in advertisement?
Should states that financially support other states in crisis situations get a say in that country’s internal politics?
Should the concept of household income be abolished for taxation purposes? (Soll das Ehegattensplitting abgeschafft werden?)
In the name of the people: do we need jury panels in our courts?
THW make the right to vote contingent on basic knowledge about political issues
THBT the EU should limit the amount of energy individuals are allowed to consume
As a parent, THW not lie to its children about the existence of Santa Claus
THW allow young boys to undergo chemical castration to preserve their singing voices
This house would militarily intervene in Syria
THW make Drion’s pill publicly available
THW enable people to sue their partner for compensation in case of infedility
THW abolish political parties and only allow election of individuals
THW set ethnic quota per school
You would make your discovery public
THW make fathers take paternity leave.
THW prevent politicians from making fact claims that, while not technically lies, are substantially misleading to voters.
THW force large companies who leave an area to pay the costs of any resulting structural unemployment.
THW require individuals to use all their wealth beyond USD 5 million for philanthropic projects.
THW require deaf parents to send their children (whether deaf or hearing) to mainstream schools for their primary and secondary education.
TH supports politicians who pass progressive legislation, even where this is contrary to the wishes of the democratic electorate.
TH supports the free movement of labour worldwide.
THW exempt academic disputes from defamation law.
THW ban all private healthcare in favour of a comprehensive public healthcare system.
THBT when doctors discover a patient has STDs, they should reveal that info to the patient’s partner.
THBT public education systems should raise the aspirations of children from disadvantaged backgrounds beyond that which is realistic to expect them to achieve.
THW limit government ministers’ standard of living to that of someone on the current median wage.
In countries with few female politicians, THB it is good to have a politically active ‘first lady’.
TH supports scientists who fabricate evidence exaggerating the certainty of man-made climate change, where there is a low likelihood to be caught.
THW not allow a single media company to own multiple TV channels or newspapers (whether in print or online).
THBT “Western” consultants advising dictatorships have a moral duty to sabotage them.
THBT images designed to even slightly sexually attract/aroused viewer should be restricted to specialist adult shot/xxx domain.
TH supports nationalism.
Should pensioners be obliged to do voluntary work?
Should the 9th of November be Germany’s national holiday?
Do we need a common European asylum and migration policy?
Should the debt limit on Länder be abolished?
Should people with prostheses be allowed to participate in regular sports competitions, even when the prostheses could be considered advantageous?
Should research in all German universities exclusively serve civil and peaceful purposes?
Should the position of national president be abolished?
THBT the Brasilian state should prosecute a murder that happens among one of the uncontacted peoples in the rainforest
THBT in states where cloning is allowed for research purposes, it should be possible to purchase Chimären (a copy body? genetic material?)
THW prohibit missionary work that pronounces abstention as the only godly way against the spread of HIV
THBT the State should put freedom over security in case of doubt
THBT fathers have the right to get a fatherhood test even against the explicit wish of the mother
THBT religious organisations should be subject to all aspects of civilian law (including, but not limited to: employment practice, adoption policy,...)
THW require military training to include extensive ethical and philosophical study
THW vote Republican
THW legalise S&M
THB it is legitimate to use violence to defend private property
TH, as the UN, would use only private military companies for peace keeping operations
THW raise its child without gender
THW make the use of public transport free
THW forbid celebrities to present their children in the media
THBT education is a federal matter
THBT the EU should impose an embargo on countries where child labour exists
THBT endangered animal species should not be actively protected
THBT judges should have the option to sentence people to human trials (medical trials?)
THW allow ‘Fight Clubs’ to be founded
THW give police the same investigative powers as under the anti-terrorism framework when dealing with ‘loverboys’ (men who trick young women into becoming prostitutes)
THBT the EU should focus all its efforts on the Common Market (should only strive for a Common Market)
THW oblige prospective parents with a genetic disease to use embryo selection
THW suspend all sanctions on North Korea
THW impose a legal duty of care on adult children for their parents
THW remove all hate speech laws
THW allow “religious duty/compulsion” as a mitigating defense for crimes
THW ban media reporting on violent crimes
THW hold parents responsible for the crimes of their kids
THW make rehabilitation the sole criteria for releasing criminals from prison
THW ban works of literature/film/music that glorify criminality
THW compel priests to report a crime which they learn of through confession
TTHW abolish the practice of plea bargaining
THW end the use of prisons
THW, in countries where the death penalty is in use, not allow anyone to watch the execution
THW take socio-economic background into account when sentencing criminals
TTHW prosecute domestic violence without the consent of the victim
THBT post-revolution states should delegate all trials and sentencing of former rulers and high ranking officials to the international community
THW Elect its Judges Democratically
THW publish a list of convicted sex offenders
THW ban alcohol
THBT we live in a mediaocracy
THB in the Holy Trinity: Apple, Google and Facebook
THBT life begins at 25
THBT politicians should retire at 65 like everybody else
THB in freedom at all costs
THB in a three-day week-end
THW blow the whistle
THBT physical appearance is a fundamental criterion for good leadership
THB politicians should have a sense of humor
THBT If You Are Not In Fashion, You Are Nobody
THBT science has replaced philosophy
THBT men build too many walls and not enough bridges
THBT if it isn't broken, break it
THW look back in anger
THBT greed is good
THBT If It's Not Fun, You're Not Doing It Right.
THBT the best is yet to come
THBT stale, pale males still rule
THW disclose the ethnicity of a sperm/egg donor to the prospective parent
THBT goverments should only fund bailouts of other countries if they get permission to do so in a referendum
THBT the US should give South Korea weapons
THBT the feminist groups should not campaign against abortion
THBT the US should pay reparations to its Muslim population for policies carried out in the aftermath of 9/11
THBT Boston College should release the IRA tapes
TH whishes that Barack Obama had faced a primary challenge
THW welcome the downfall of global capitalism
THW force broadcasters to display, promote and report women’s sport equally to men’s sport.
THW allow people to opt in to drugs that have not yet passed clinical trials.
THW make Georgia a NATO member.
THW ban the private production of pornography and replace it with state-produced pornography that promotes respect and good treatment for women.
THW prevent foreign ownership of significant domestic companies
THW treat the desecration and destruction of sites of historical or cultural value as a crime against humanity
“THB the Protection of National Identity is a Legitimate Reason to Restrict Immigration”
“THB in a State of Anarchy”
“THB Feminism has Run it's Course”
“THW Vote for Mitt Romney to be the Next President of the United States of America”
THW punish sports teams for the criminal and violent behaviour of their fans.
THW ban foreign citizens from adopting Armenian children.
THW add a right to internet access to the Armenian constitution.
THB that the Armenian media does not adequately represent the views and concerns of Armenian society.
THB that journalism is more effective than political protest in holding governments responsible for their actions.
THW fire civil servants who refuse to wed same-sex couples
THW ban Martijn, a paedophile association (vereniging)
THW transform the EU into a United States of Europe
THW abolish deposit guarantee schemes everywhere
THW ban imports from countries where workers do not have the liberty to form unions
THW abolish patents on computer software
THW instate a general pardon to asylum seekers who have lived in the Netherlands for five years as a minor, and for their parents/legal guardians if they are currently still a minor
THW create a separate league for athletes who choose to take performance enhancing substances.
THW require all video games that ostensibly depict realistic combat to adhere to the rules of war
THW abolish the concept of limited liability
THW create a separate state where all women and only women can claim citizenship
THW use the influences gained from these abilities and beliefs to propagate socialist values that are justified through faith.
THB It is Illegitimate for the State to Attempt to Instill Morals or Values in Children in Schools
THW Prosecute Barack Obama for War Crimes
TH Regrets the Existence of Valentine's Day
from the view of Iran: THW Build a Nuclear Weapon
THB the State Should Impose a Maximum Income of €50000, inc benefits, commissions, bonuses, etc.
THW ban all technology in the pursuit of the genetic enhancement of humanity
in the context of The Matrix: THW take the Blue Pill
THW allow the families of victims of war crimes to sue the country responsible for reparations
THW grant amnesty to dictators who voluntarily leave office
THW Make the directors of multi-national companies criminally responsible for any environmental damage caused by their company in the developing world
THW refuse to extradite criminals to countries with the death penalty
THW Never hold major sporting events in countries with ongoing human rights violations
THW allow the global free movement of people
THW believes that it is legitimate for parliaments to delegate sovereignty to the EU without any need for referendum
THW use military force to deliver aid in humanitarian crises
THBT the Gay Rights Movement Should Campaign For The Abolition of Marriage, Rather Than Marriage Equality
THBT the UK Should Leave The EU
Info Slide: Scientific research has found evidence that a particular race has an increased genetic risk of developing psychiatric disorders. THBT Journals Should Not Publish The Research
THBT The Image Of Female Sexuality Depicted By Female RnB Artists In Songs Like, But Not Limited To, Rihanna's Rude Boy Are Empowering.
THBT It Is Immoral To Vote Republican
THW Abolish Prisons
THW legalise all forms of assisted suicide for mentally sound people
TH regrets the strong social norms in favour of lifelong monogamy
THBT western countries should invest primarily in air power rather than ground troops for future military interventions
THBT the education system should promote equality of outcomes over equality of opportunities
TH welcomes the advent of extreme genetic enhancements for human beings
THBT national governments should aim to depopulate rather than regenerate areas with few viable economic activities
info slide: behavioural economics, rival changes in the way choices are presented changes behaviour THBT the state should systematically use subconscious manipulation to nudge citizens towards good choices
THBT Western foreign policy should seek to prevent China's acquisition of Africa's natural land and resources
TH regrets the decline of Marxism in liberal Western democracies
THB India should remove its ban on 'The Satanic Verses'
THW invest in big casinos to rejuvenate economically disadvantaged areas
THB the Greek Government should reject the latest EU, ECB & IMF bailout agreement
THB the Gay Rights Movement should oppose Gay Pride Parades in Western Liberal Democracies
THBT the states of former Yugoslavia should create a unified football league
THBT the Media should not show images of police brutality
THW grant automatic asylum to women from countries under sharia law
THBT Vladmir Putin should make a credible public offer to the United States for joint decommissioning of their entire nuclear arsenal
THBT film stars, music stars & other popular entertainers should be prohibited from participating in political campaigns
THBT Western European countries should teach an overwhelmingly negative version of their imperial histories
THW not imprison those convicted of non-violent crimes
THW make development aid conditional upon the improvement of women’s rights.
THW lift the ban on Communist symbols in all post-communist EU member states
THW only provide state pension to those mentally or physically unable to work.
THW ban medicine designed to erase human memories
THBT violent activities to achieve anti-capitalist aims in Western societies are justified
THBT the NAACP should publicly condemn Chris Brown
THW ban “My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding”
THW abolish the two categories for Best Actor/Actress and Best Supporting Actor/Actress at the Academy Awards and award only gender neutral Oscars for Best Acting and Best Supporting Acting
THBT notable LGB figures should not describe their sexuality as a choice
THBT a man who dies rich is a man who dies disgraced
THBT whoever controls the past controls the future.
THW introduce mandatory trips to Nazi concentration camps for Austrian elementary school students.
This House supports the use of charity rather than state welfare systems.
This House believes that Russia was justified in vetoing intervention in Syria.
This House believes that Facebook is justified to censor any of its users' content for any reason it sees fit.
This House supports the appointment of technocratic governments in Eurozone countries suffering fiscal crisis.
THB the Israeli Army should adopt a policy of shooting to kill their own comrades where they are likely to be captured.
THBT EU countries should promote Christianity and not other religions.
Given the ability to carry a full term pregnancy in an incubator. THBT humankind should seek to abolish natural pregnancy.
Should there be a minimum BMI for models?
Should tax returns (Steuererklärungen) be made public?
Should we consider the DDR an unjust state?
Should private pensions be abolished?
Should buildings that have been empty/unused for over a year be made freely available for general use?
Should politicians and diplomats in general no longer hold immunity status?
THW give parliaments the right to appoint an absolute dictator for a limited period of time
THBT women in the Netherlands are emancipated enough
TH, being an Italian judge, would convict Berlusconi of abuse of power, corruption and gross negligence and take away all his personal belongings
THW assume the suspect of a crime to be guilty when the witness(es) in a court case are intimidated or physically abused (approximation)
THW not punish people who live below the poverty line for economic crimes they have committed
TH, being MTV, would publicly denounce acts with lyrics that degrade women or gays and/or glorify violence (approximation)
THBT Feminist Groups Should Campaign for a Complete Overhaul of the Economic System
THBT Feminist Groups Should Actively Recruit Male Spokespeople
THBT it is morally wrong for companies to base hiring/firing/promotion decisions on info taken from social networking sites
THW place police in schools that protect them
THW not (as the USA) support Israel in a pre-emptive strike on Iraq
THW require companies to have the same environmental and working standards in foreign countries as in their home states
TH supports the right of parents of mentally disabled children to medically slow or prevent their physical growth
A zombie infection has broken out, THBT it is morally legitimate to kill uninfected humans to increase your own chances of survival.
THW allow corporations to pay higher salaries to employees who agree not to have children
THBT the congressional black caucus should admit non-black members
THW establish as a norm of international law that reparations should not be paid after wars
THW replace income tax with a tax on wealth
THBT the Scottish Government should allow England to vote in the referendum on Scottish Independence
THW ban beauty pageants for under 16-year olds
THBT the media should not publish news on suicides
THW require that Roma children be sent to state boarding schools
THW ban the use of religious rhetoric in political campaigns
TH supports the use of bounty hunters in law enforcement
TH regrets the influence of YouTube on popular culture
THW grant asylum to those fleeing from persecution on grounds of sexual violence
THBT our technology has exceeded our humanity
THW forcibly relocate indigenous peoples where their presence prevents the extraction of valuable resources
HB that sex education classes should include sexual fetishes with the aim of normalising them.
THW not allow pre-nuptial agreements
THB that developing countries should disregard intellectual property rights on life saving/preserving medicine
This House Would covertly fabricate evidence that politicians who promote demonisation or criminalisation of homosexuality are gay (approximation)
THW make the punishment for crimes of theft inversely proportional to the wealth of the victim (approximation)
THW create country quotas for the acceptance of refugees and allow for trade of these obligations
THW create a Supreme Court to protect future generations from current lawmakers
THBT Science Is Holding Back Humanity
THW found one European elite university
THW tax meat products (approximation)
THW take away the special protection of marriage from the law
THW drink more milk.
THW oblige all ministeries (state departments) to use only open source software
THW shrink/make smaller the Eurozone
THW save Schlecker (a drugstore chain that is bankrupt)
THW remove all constraints on companies firing workers
THW make sportןמע teams whose fans performed violence or severe disorderly behaviour, play their matches in front of a crowd of women and children only.
TH, as Aljazeera, would have broadcasted the videos of the Toulouse attacks.
THBT retribution should not be a part of the criminal justice system
THBT the state should subsidize feminist porn
HW make assimilation the primary goal of legislation related to immigrants.
THW ban all research into the genetic origins of homosexuality
thw allow the deliberate (!) targeting of civilians in war, where it would significantly reduce casualties in the long term
THBT all teachers should openly declare their sexuality to their pupils
THW set legally binding minimal physical parameters for fashion models
THW treat cyber attacks as acts of war
THW legalize all drugs
THW not use public money on life-extending medical care for people over a certain age
HBT change comes through molotov cocktails, not with a voting ballot
In the case where human space exploration efforts locate an inhabitable planet, THBT the settlers of that planet should construct a society without private property
When paying teachers, THW take into account their students' academic performance
TH regrets joining Facebook
THW encourage its citizens to break laws in other countries that violate human rights
THW pay spouses who stay at home a salary
TH supports the US's use of military drones in Pakistan
TH supports campaigns like "Kony 2012”
THW ban racist and extreme nationalist political parties
THW lift all sanctions on North Korea
THBT the ICC should offer Joseph Kony an amnesty from prosecution
THW impose a 75% rate of tax on all earnings over €100000
THBT all State Schools should actively promote the religion of the majority
THBT state policies should actively discourage a consumerist lifestyle
TH regrets the founding of the European Union
THW legalize multi-partner marriages for both men and women.
THW ban private financing of election campaigns.
TH regrets the Arab Spring
THW abolish prison sentences for all non-violent crimes.
THBT the creation of the Eurozone has done more harm than good. INFO SLIDE: The Eurozone is a currency union consisting of EU member states who have adopted the Euro as their common currency. Its monetary policy is administered by the European Central Bank.
THBT the West Should cease using attack drones in counter-insurgency operations.
THW lift all sanctions on Iran that target its nuclear program.
TH regrets the declIne of labor unions.
THBT governments should systematically use subconscious manipulation to nudge citizens towards socially desirable choices.INFOSLIDE: There is growing evidence from behavioral economics that seemingly trivial alterations in the way decisions are presented can substantially affect choices. For instance, printing smiley faces on the electricity bills of low-usage households decreases their future electricity consumption. As another example, consumers presented with a list of financial choices are more likely to choose items placed near the middle of the list.
THBT coming cuts in USA military spending will make the world a better place.
THW abandon the single European monetary currency
TH condems racially provocative art
THW defend Anders Breivik
THW choose only non religious soldiers to serve in international conflicts
THW only teach gender neutral pronouns in school
THBT current Generation Germans should not pay taxes or any other form of reparations for Nazi atrocities
THW reject a Western conception of property rights in favour of collective ownership.
TH, which is the West, would sanction China.
TH, which is the ministry of health, will withhold any information regarding a drug that will ensure the birth of heterosexual children.
(Information slide) Immediate Democracy is a system in which the voter may change their vote at any given time, thus changing the composition of the parliament on a daily basis according to public support. THW enact an Immediate Democracy.
THW release inmates from jail solely on the basis of their rehabilitation and not upon the completion of a predetermined period of time.
(Information slide) You are a young man living in the Galilee 2,000 years ago. You are smart and charismatic. You are capable of collecting and leading a fold of followers. People believe you are the son of God and can do miracles such as healing and food replication. Motion: THW use its influence to disseminate socially progressive values supported by faith.
THW abolish state imposed heritage protection
There are states which prescribe quota for the number of women in Boards of companies. THW prohibit companies from other states that do not fill the required quota in their Board to participate in public tenders in states with quotas.
THW limit media coverage of shootings
When a ship threatens to breach a UN weapons embargo, THW allow all states to stop the ship with the use of force.
THBT every person has the right to take pictures of works of art or performances and publish them as their own works of art
THW allow audio and video recording of court procedures and the public dissemination of the recordings
THBT political parties should not take gender into account when selecting candidates for voting lists
You call the internet provider to take down the filter, while your children are present
THW abolish the tax rebate on mortgage interest
THW allow the Reclame Code Commissie (Dutch Advertising Standards Authority) to ban advertisements which affirm gender roles
You lie to Albert Speer and tell him the atomic bomb cannot be built.
THW abolish the income criteria for family reunification (when bringing family members to the Netherlands for permanent settlement, the applicant must have an income significantly higher than the minimum wage)
THBT in countries where abortion is illegal, no exceptions should be made for cases of incest or rape
THBT, upon death, every person’s body should revert to the state for scientific use or for organ donation depending on necessity
THBT every Dutch family with an average or higher income has a moral obligation to take in a foster child (child from foster care)
H calls for a common European army
THW lift the ban on dancing (Tanzverbot, probably more a general celebration ban) on the “quiet holidays” (Good Friday, Memorial Day and Remembrance Sunday (Totensonntag))
THW make the ‘morning after pill’ available without doctor’s recipe
THW cancel the exemption on the 5% vote threshold for national minorities
THBT the Olympic Idea has outlived itself
THW allow audio and video recording of court procedures and the public dissemination of the recordings
TH calls for a constitutional right to Internet
THW mandate the use of condoms in pornoggaphic movies
THBT a stable dictatorship is better than an unstable democracy
In case of a zombie-epidemic, THBT zombies have a right to a humane life in special zombie-habitats
THBT it would be good for the Catholic Chuch to let the next pope be elected by a vote by all Catholics
THW allow audio and video recording of court procedures and the public dissemination of the recordings
THW make Saxon a mandatory foreign language on Saxon colleges (hochschulen)
THW swap all children after birth
TH calls for a culture flat tax
THW give Parliament the right to initiate foreign deployment of the army
THW grant an amnesty to illegal immigrants
This house believes the ICC should use bounty hunters to capture and, if necessary, kill indicted war criminals
THW ban broadcasting of boxing matches from TV
THW adjust development aid to countries where gay rights are violated
THW include paintings by Wolfgang Beltracchis in the collectinos of leading German art museums (this motion was preceded by an infoslide)
THW declare a trade war against China
THW instate a public service (öffentlich-rechtliches) system for newspapers
THW ban the defamation of religious symbols or authorities
TH supports the targeted/deliberate killing of Iranian scientists
THBT the Israeli MoD museum department should stop all it's funding for sites and museums commemorating the Etzel and Lechi groups.
THW rather marry a Zionist Shiksa than an Anti-Zionist Jew.
TH regrets "Aloni Mora" (euphemism for the settlements)
THW will move the Israeli Capital from Jerusalem to Tel-Aviv.
THW pay monetary compensation to Sephardi Jews.
This House prefers Guantanamo Bay rather than the current practice of the war against terrorism with unmanned aerial vehicles.
In the case of a contact with extra-terrestrial beings, this House would send a woman as a negotiator.
This House would grant one seat in the Parliament to all more significant religions.
This House would make a number of votes of one voter inversely proportional to his/her personal wealth.
This House believe that only people who take the law into their hands can save us.
This House would never restore the buildings destroyed in the bombing.
THW ban single sex schools
THW not participate in international sporting events held in countries that abuse human rights
THBT crimes committed by police officers should be punished more severely
THBT women should pay a lower rate of income tax than men
THW ban treatments that claim to cure homosexuality
THBT NATO members should not sell weapons to non NATO members
THW ban single sex schools
THW disband NATO
THW make votes public
THW allow pharmaceutical companies to advertise prescription drugs
THW create ethnic diversity in neighborhoods by introducing housing quotas
THW make football clubs pay for the costs of police surveillance during league matches
THW block the Security Council as long as the veto power remains available
THW Vorrunde: THW rewrite the Grimm fairytales in a gender neutral way (Dieses Haus würde die Grimmschen Märchen gendergerecht umschreiben)
THW require candidates for public office to be psychologically evaluated during their trial period rather than making their psychological illness history public
THW allow defendants to choose between a judge or a jury.
THW allow doctors treating terminally ill patients patients to offer them treatments that are still in the experimental stages
THW allow companies to pay more salary to its employees in exchange for not having children
TH, which is Mabel Wisse Smit (of Orange), would end the life of Prince Friso
TH welcomes the end of American hegemony
THW die for its country (literally: die for nation and fatherland)
THBT there should be no restrictions on political donations
THW predicate any humanitarian aid on efforts limiting birth-rates where there’s a risk of overpopulation.
THBT, rather than after the fact, the judicial system should be able to take pre-emptive measures when there’s a suspicion of hate-speech
THBT that the Turkish military should stop enforcing the separation between church & state
THW practice investment over austerity in times of economic crisis
THW undertake military action against the Syrian government
THW oblige pharmaceutical companies to spend half of their research budgets on illnesses that occur primarily in developing countries
THW forbid domestic security services to monitor Members of Parliaments
THW continue the European Football Championships with 16 participating teams
TH, which is technically capable to do so, would clone Neandertalers
THW create Eurobonds
THW not perform any plays of Thomas Bernhard in Austria
TH supports the foundation of an independent Kurdic state
TH condemns the use of unmanned weapon systems (drones) against human targets
THW use geo-engineering to combat climate change
TH supports large-scale migration from poor to rich regions in the European Union
THW compel citizens to vote in national elections
THW exempt from mandatory military service any Hasid who chooses to work rather than study in a Yeshiva
TH, which is the Hamas movement, would lay down its arms
THW decriminalize squatting
THW introduce mandatory minimum sentences
THW ban student parties who are backed by national political parties from participating in elections for student unions
THW stop providing tactical training and equipment to "neighbourhood watch" groups in Israeli settlements in the West Bank
TH, which is the Iranian regime, would develop nuclear weapons
THW assasinate Bashar al Assad
THBT schools should teach children from first-generation immigrants in the language of their parents
THBT developing countries should limit rural to urban migration
THW compel the Catholic Church to allow women to serve as priests
TH regrets South Africa’s decision to use Truth and Reconciliation Commisions rather than prosecuting perpetrators of crimes under Apartheid
TH regrets the decline of socialism
THW allow companies to pay a higher salary to employees who contractually agree not to have children.
THW not imprison people when racist remarks cause offense on social media forums.
THW prosecute toppled dictators for crimes against humanity in the ICC rather than in a national court or tribunal.
THBT general education (wide promotion) is better than education/promotion of excellence.
THW accept Iran as a nuclear power.
THBT Vorrunde: Dieses Haus glaubt, der demolition of the Palasts der Republik (DDR Parliament) was a mistake.
THW use only masculine word forms for women and men.
THW give parliament power to decide over weapons exports.
THW charge a (prohibitively) high customs duty on imports of solar cells from China.
TH, being Socrates, would not drink the cup of poison.
THW ban religious schools
THBT Western countries should commit to cancel all debts owed by any authoritarian country upon its transition to democracy.
THW put Jeremy Deller's piece (of a bombed car) on the plinth ( on Trafalgar Square)
TH supports a fiscal union for the eurozone
TH regrets the bombing of Japan in Worldwar II
THW end all govt funding of the arts
THBT the media should out gay public figure
THBT the state should not pay any university students tuition fee
THBT if he is deemed to be fully rehabilated, Ander Brevik should ultimately be released.
THBT people should not get married
TH supports the use of racial profiling in law enforcement
THBT capitalism has failed the worker.
THB the state should send all underage overweight children to a summer far camp
THBT all EU countries should set the bar of entry to their parliament in such a way that would ensure a two party system
THBT Amercia is justified in keeping the Second Amendment
You are a western reporter covering the Middle East. You received indisputable and exclusive evidence that Israel is about to launch an attack on Iranian nuclear facilities in the next 24 hours. THW not publish the story
THB Turkey should abandon all efforts to join the EU
You are a CEO of a major clothing company and currently pay workers in your factory 1 dollar a day. You are presented with a plan that would give your employees a dignified living wage. This would significantly increase production costs but would not put you out of business. THW implement the plan.
THBT posing for Playboy is immoral
THW heavily incentivise Bosnians, Croats and Serbs in Bosnia and Hercegovina that move to areas where dominant ethnicity is other than their own
Given the technology, THW burn obedience to criminal law in the brains of all humans
THBT Parents Should Choose Not To Send their Children to Private Schools
THW Give First Nations Peoples (eg. Native Americans and Aboriginal Australians) Complete Autonomous Self-Government
THBT The Music Industry Should Not Facilitate the Comebacks of Artists Who Commit Violent Crimes
THBT The Mexican Government Should Lift All Limits on the Military and Law Enforcement in the Fight Against Organised Crime
THBT The ECB Should Unconditionally Buy Government Debt from Struggling Eurozone Economies
THW Cap the Amount Corporations Can Spend in Any One Course of Litigation
THW Require the Military to Recruit Soldiers in Direct Proportion to the Socio-Economic Make-up of the Country
THBT The Palestinians Should Accept Complete Demilitarisation in Immediate Return for A Sovereign State
THW Let Anyone Take Up Residence in Any Country, Provided They Can Show that They Will Not be an Economic Burden on that Country
TH Supports Life Sentences Without the Possibility of Parole For Serial Serious Re-Offenders
THBT The Militaries of Newly Democratised Arab Countries Should Act as Guardians of Secularism
THW Retrospectively Remove Amnesties Granted to Those Who Committed Crimes As Part of Oppressive Regimes
THBT Republika Srpska Should Secede from Bosnia and Herzegovina
THBT Schools Should Aggressively Stream Students According to their Ability From An Early Age
THW Amend the US Constitution To Prohibit Any Involvement by Religious Organisation in the Electoral Process
This house would ban sports, where the main purpose is to inflict pain (e.g. boxing, martial arts)
This house believes that the state should fund the identity change, including changing their legal name and physical appearance, of infamous prisoners upon their release
This house believes that Western countries should offer to immediately cancel all debts owed by any authoritarian country upon its transition to democracy
This house believes that the gay rights movement should campaign for the abolition of marriage, rather than marriage equality
This house would ban all political polls before any election
This house would make the use of conscripts in active combat a war crime
This house believes that from kindergarten onwards all education should be gender neutral
This house, as Germany, would immediately cease all reparations to the State of Israel
THW incentivize employers to hire non-college graduates
THBT decisions on the legalisation, banning, or limiting of substances, including, but not limited to narcotics, tobacco & alcohol should be left to panels of experts rather than to elected representatives
THW require any journalist working for a print,TV or radio news organization to have a government.-issued license
THW force anyone suspected of being a 'stolen child' [under the Argentinian military junta 1976-1983] to undergo DNA testing to establish whether they are indeed stolen children and then make the results public
THW require all isolated religious communities (eg. Hasidic Jews, Jehova's Witnesses) to give all 18-year-olds a 'Rumspringa' [Amish tradition of sending off 18-y.-olds to live in outside world for 1 year, after which they may chose to return or not]
THBT all Government Policy Should Follow the Strict Logic of Maximizing Total Happiness
THBT the State of Israel should immediately and publicly end all attempts to capture or kill Nazi war criminals
THW abolish referenda
THW not allow immigrants with illiberal values, such as homophobia, to settle in the country
THW vote for Obama
THBT western countries should criminalize depictions of the Prophet Muhammed
THBT sport's governing bodies, such as IOC and FIFA, should allow performance enhancing pharmaceuticals
THB the EU should not pay rural subsidies
THW not use prison to punish non-violent offenders
THB in the right of bodily integrity of children
THW out homosexual football players (or forcibly out those it knows about)
THW abolish the Beamtenstatus (i.e. a body of exceptions to the laws governing all citizens of the state granted to some categories of civil servants)
TH chooses immortality
TH declares the war on drugs a failure
THBT it is (fully) sufficient to combat the symptoms
THW prohibit the grievance of religious beliefs
THW defend that universities give preference to disadvantaged students
THBT illegal downloading is not criminal
THW allow private companies to resort to openly discriminatory hiring practices
THW recognise the independence of Catalunia
THB in revolution as a solution to the country’s problems
THBT the State should pay for university education
THW abolish all hate crime laws and instead prosecute according to criminal law
THS eco-terrorism
THBT the identity of the artist should be obscured from those who buy and display the art (approximation)
THW financially incentivize drug and alcohol addicts not to have children
THBT in the event of a Syrian border attack on Turkey, NATO should come to the aid of Turkey
TH welcomes the death of god at the hands of science
THW ban memory erasing technology (Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind)
THBT it is legitimate for Replicants to destroy any and all means of replicant production (Bladerunner)
THW establish an independent 'prawn' state (District 9)
something about clones being happier if they didn't know they were clones. (Never Let Me Go)
THW give the 4-5-6 the 10% of children from the bottom of the league tables (Or, THW implement PLEB) (Torchwood: Children of the Earth)
THBT adults who are not on the organ donor list should not be eligible to receive organ transplants
THBT players who are found to have racially abused their fellow competitors should be banned for life
THW ban the depiction of the Prophet Muhammad (Peace Be Upon Him)
THW prefer US Presidential candidates to be selected exclusively by party elites
THBT the LGBT Movement Should Not Out Homosexual Politicians That Publicly Profess Homophobic Views
THW legalise polygamy
THW financially incentivise voting
THBT the West should impose sanctions on Israel until it disbands its nuclear programme and relinquishes control of all nuclear weapons
THW ban protests at any event connected to a military funeral
TH supports Scottish independence
THW out closeted LGBT public figures
THW abolish ethical checks on social science experiments
THBT Turkey should intervene militarily in Syria
THW set a maximum amount to be spent on health care per QUALY (Quality Adjusted Life Year)
THBT the judges in Supreme Court should be elected directly by the American people
Should Robin be allowed to drive the Batmobil too?
Does Snowhite need only one Dwarf?
Do we need a women’s quota in prison?
Do we need an ECO-label for organs?
Should the Dönertier be placed under environmental protection?
TH regrets the criminalisation of squatting.
THW allow high-ranked army officials, when in agreement, to reverse decisions made by democratic governments regarding military missions.
THW fund research into the existence of a violent gene.
THB that LGBTQI activism in countries with strong anti-gay policies does more harm than good.
THW abolish all term-limits on the service of elected heads of state.
THW not allow members of the royal family to serve in active combat.
THB that European States should end all funding for the arts until everyone lives above the national poverty level.
THB it is legitimate for states to deny residence or asylum to immigrants who openly contradict their predominant values.
You are the British government. You have full guarantee that SAS (special air service) can enter the prison which currently holds the Pussy Riot Girls in Russia and you can remove them safely. THW enter Russia and remove the Pussy Riot Girls from their cells.
THB the state should actively prosecute sexist and misogynist remarks..
THBT the right to bear arms is the right to be free
THBT the world would be a better place if nobody believed in God
THW ban private healthcare and replace it with a comprehensive public system
THB corrupt, benevolent and capable dictatorship is preferable to corrupt and inept democracy
THW Require the Public Registration of All Psychics and the Suppression of their Abilities with Drugs
THBT the West should support a power-sharing deal between the Afghan government and the Taliban
THBT Latin American countries should use private military contractors to police high crime areas
THBT the feminist movement should renounce the title of "Feminism"
THBT in order to be eligible for public funding, art must be subject to a double-blind test, in which it is judged anonymously by an art critic, and by members of the public against the work of a 5-year-old
THW, ban national football teams who fans use racist or homophobic chants, from international competition
THW require local councils to provide sufficient plots for gypsies in spite of local opposition.
THW allow law enforcement agencies to monitor the phones, emails, internet activity and text messages of anyone who has been convicted of a crime linked to organised crime (as opposed to a hypothetical status quo where permission is granted on a case by case basis, where a judge must approve it based on evidence that the person is currently committing a crime)
THW force clinically obese children to attend residential weight loss and education camps during the summer holidays
THBT western nations should launch pre-emptive air strikes against Iranian nuclear facilities
THBT in order for full gender equality to be achieved, all images designed to even slightly sexually attract or arouse the viewer must be banned
THW allow people in developing countries to sell themselves into slavery
THW require artists to obtain permission from the subject/muse of a work of art prior to its release
THW give the ECB a veto over all national budgets within the Eurozone
As a Parent, THIW Raise its Child Gender Neutral
THBT it is not the role of a Government to reduce the relative poverty of its citizens
THBT the state should, were possible, teach children in their vernacular language
THBT the UCI should establish a truth and reconciliation commission to deal with doping in cycling
THBT the media should not report on a terrorist attack immediately after the event
THW introduce irreversible laws to be programmed into robots
THW take charitable status away from religious institutions that do not teach comprehensive sexual education
THBT it is legitimate for nations to destabilise the governments that are complicit in the production of hardcore narcotics
THBT state education should purposely undermine the normal gender roles
THW Remove All UEFA's Limits on Football Club Spending (which includes transfer and salaries).
THBT the European Union should guarantee membership to regions of member states that secede from their parent state.
THW fund hymen reconstruction.
TH Regrets the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan.
THBT MGM Film Studios should cast a woman as the next James Bond.
THBT Japanese Leaders are justified in honouring the Yasukuni War Shrines.
You are a Liberal leaning journalist covering the White House, you have received exclusive and indisputable evidence that during his college years Barack Obama had an active gay sexual life, THW Publish the Story.
THW ban male circumcision for Under 18s, except for medical reasons.
TH wants the USA to lead a Coalition of the Willing to intervene militarily in Syria.
THBT developed countries should not retaliate to protectionist measures by developing countries.
THW publicly shame persons found guilty of committing hate speech.
THBT Britain should seek issue based coalitions rather than a further integration into the EU.
This House would ban extremist political parties.
This House would allow prospective mothers to take the pill."
This House would support the partition of nation-states along their ethnic lines.
THW not allow anybody under the age of 18 to leave school without first having passed all of their exams
THW institute gender and racial quotas in all government cabinets
THW only intervene in arab uprisings if guaranteed preferential economic agreements in return
THW Make it a criminal offence to know of a crime and not report it
THBT pieces of major social legislation, notably gay marriage, should be passed only by referendum
THBT Google, YouTube, & social media websites should remove content which it deems to insult religions
THB the ANC should nationalize all mines
THBT Western governments should buy the freedom of slaves
THBT the Greek military should suspend democratic government until economic recovery
THBT companies should not take public stance in gay right issues
THB governments should actively discourage consumerist lifestyles
THW give extra votes to youths over the age of 18
THBT Emily's list should fund pro-choice male candidates
THBT States should forcibly reverse the transmigration policies of their former dictators
THB in the right to bear arms
THW abolish all political parties
THW allow workers to sell employment rights back to their employers
THBT the right to decide the timing and manner of one's death is a fundamental component of liberty
THBT the Myanmar NLD should actively support a pro-democracy campaign of civil disobedience
THW remove immunity from prosecution from holders of high political office
THBT the works of hip hop legends such as Tupac Shakur, the Wu Tang Clan and JayZ should be taught in schools
THBT the capitalist system is incompatible with a just society
THW adopt life sentences without parole.
THW not read fairytales which contain gender stereotypes to children.
THW grant tax cuts to large foreign investors.
THW cancel permanent membership and veto power in the UN Security Council.
THBT all regionally concentrated ethnic minorities should be granted territorial autonomy.
THBT the European Union should open its borders for immigrants from third world countries.
THBT states in the developing world should invest in sex tourism
THW allow all doping in professional sports
THW choose immortality over the opportunity to have children
TH supports lifting the celibacy of the Catholic Church
THW ban the German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, from adopting children
THW require all Portuguese to spend 25 € per month on local products
THBT all children should have location chips
THBT Wikipedia should be put on the UNESCO World Heritage list
TH defends that austerity is the solution to the (economic) crisis
THW ban smoking entirely
THBT there should be obligatory equal parental leave for women and men
THW prosecute violent fouls as criminal assault
THBT testing on animals is immoral
THBT state funded space programs are a waste of tax payers' money
The state should pay a living wage to stay at home parents
THB all donor countries should freeze aid to Rwanda
THW hold the senior executives of major banks and rating agencies criminally liable for the actions of their companies that led to the Global Financial Crisis
THBT democratic reform is more important than economic growth for China
THBT prosecutors should never offer reduced sentences in exchange for testifying against others
THBT that Japan should not abandon nuclear power
TH regrets the rise of 24 hour news culture
THBT all companies should be at least 75% owned by their workforce, in equal shares
THBT Egypt should provide a military security guarantee against the invasion of Gaza
THW not make state health care available to smokers
TH regrets the influence of computer games on the next generation
THW ban pornography
THBT the European Union should open its borders to all immigrants
THW give all animals capable of respecting all citizen obligations equal rights to humans
THW create a permanent seat for the Travelling Community in the Dáil.
THW create a constituency for the Irish abroad.
THW allow Asylum Seekers to work.
THW compel parents to take equal paternity and maternity leave.
THW require the unemployed to participate in community work to be eligible for social welfare.
THW re-introduce the punishment of banishment for serious crimes.
THW grant the police the ability to stop and search without reasonable suspicion in designated areas and times.
THB the US Federal Government should continue to enforce the national prohibition on drugs in states which legalise the personal use of cannabis.
THBT access to the internet is a human right
THW penalise politicians who break pre-election pledges
THB that online activism is counterproductive
TH regrets the rapid expansion of online education
TH supports censorship of pornography on the internet
THBT in the era of the Internet we should adopt a global hate speech law
THBT hacktivism is a legitimate tool of protest against multinational corporations
THBT an unregulated Internet does more harm than good
THW decriminalize incest between consenting adults
THB enterprises and charities are more effective for development than official development assistance (ODAs)
THW collect DNA of every newborn child in order to prevent and solve future crimes
THW refuse American statehood to Puerto Rico
THW forbid universities from accepting donations earmarked for the pseudo-sciences
Should prisoners temporarily lose their right to vote?
Should punishment for use of doping be subject to a statute of limitation?
Should people who are in a relationship with an enemy of the constitution (Verfassungsfeinden) be considered enemies of the constitution too?
Should people have the right to erase/block the autocomplete for their names in search engines?
Should James Bond retire?
Should citizens be forced to borrow money to the state in times of crisis? (Should it become mandatory for citizens)
Should corporate sponsorship of dangerous (life-threatening) sports and stunts?
THW force universities to create stricter entrance requirements, even if this would lead to fewer students
THW ban the publication of any photographic and film material that portrays crime suspects
TH, being a teenager, would not open a Facebook account
THW force schools to offer students intensive interaction with different worldviews
THW allow the Supreme Court to reject laws if they contradict the constitution (this is not SQ in the Netherlands)
THW grant the ECB the right to limit member country’s sovereign debt
THW subsidise genetical modification on humans
THW Abolish National School Curriculums
THBT in Times of High Unemployment, Governments Should Remove all Minimum Standard Regulations in the Labour Market
THB India should not allow Tesco or Walmart into their national market
THW Punish Parents when Their Children Bully Others at School
TH Regrets the Rise of the Career Politician
THBT, where resources are scare, minority campaign groups should fund minority art, literature and films rather than funding lobbying for legislative change
THB that the Press Cannot be Trusted to Regulate Itself :
THBT the European Union should ban art, including literature or film, that directly insults any religion
THBT the EU should oblige its member states to include positive references to LGBT individuals and issues in their high school textbooks
THBT the European Union should guarantee membership to regions of existing EU member states, such as Catalonia or Scotland, that secede
THB that Europe should weaken its austerity measures to guarantee its citizens greater social support
THW ban far-right parties from competing in elections in European countries
TH supports a preference for mothers in custody trials
THW grant high ranking army officers the right to veto government decisions regarding security
THW abolish intellectual property rights over music
THW abolish mandatory retirement age
TH prefers a strong dictatorship to a weak democracy
THBT Marx would have approved of the internet
THW require prospective parents to obtain parenting licences prior to having children
THW require all news media to graphically depict under-reported armed conflicts
THBT the EU should suspend the membership rights of countries if they elect extremist parties to government (for example, Greece's Golden Dawn or the UK's British National Party)
THB artists should not set out to sympathetically portray characters who hold morally repugnant world views
THW ban all medical procedures intended to change an individual's racial appearance
THW introduce blind voting in national elections
THB the ICC should open an investigation on war crimes in Palestine
THBT citizens have no moral obligation to obey laws which they personally believe may be unjust
TH supports direct elections of governors in Russia
THW only allow pornography produced and directed by Women
THBT consumer electronics firms should not be allowed to patent technologies which are not essential to the working of their product
TH, as Germany, would leave the EU
THW remove all special legal privileges from religious organisations
THBT Russia should immediately withdraw all support from the Assad regime
THBT separate sports competitions for women harm the feminist cause
THW set up Christian mission schools in Pakistan
THW ban transport of persons and goods by beaming
THW not want a German Europe
THW set up brothels in military bases abroad
THBT Bert and Ernie should get married
TH regrets the 2001 Afghanistan invasion
(infoslide explaining that in 10 years it will be possible to send a manned mission to Mars but they won't be able to return alive) THBT NASA should fund suicide missions to Mars
THBT Governments should not assist in the rebuilding of disaster prone areas
THBT feminist christians should leave the Church of England
THW force insurance companies to have equal insurance premiums for men and women
THW give the members of every political party the right to determine the voting behaviour of their deputies
THW offer Maria its own bed
THW make all the proceeds that a professors earns with their books and other academic work available to their universities
TH welcomes the government’s proposed fat tax
TH regrets the demise of the Green Party
THB Enda deserved his place on the cover of TIME
THW abolish the minimum wage
THB the diaspora should b‘The Gathering’
THW not negotiate with Hamas
THB it can no longer support the ‘Barclays Premier League’
THB feminism has run its course in Ireland
THS state-provision of cosmetic surgery and surgical enhancements
THBT South Korea should provide unconditional humanitarian aid and assistance to North Korea
THW allow victims of miscarriages of justice to sue expert witnesses for incompetence
THW subsidise feminist pornography
THW fabricate evidence in order to create the impression that historical national heroes had been gay
THS the creation of a Black Players' Union in the English Premier League
TH regrets the popular veneration of Che Guevara
THW only release prisoners if they are rehabilitated
THBT slacktivism has harmed activism more than it has benefited it
TH supports a technocratic government in times of dire financial crisis
THW ban all lobbyist activity
THBT matchmaking is a better system than dating
THW allow parents to sell their babies
THBT a society in which charity and donations are prevalent is preferable to a society with a state run welfare system
Should people who have lived a healthy life be given preferential access to donated organs?
Should we establish worker participation (unternehmerische Mitbestimmung) in corporations in all of Europe?
Should public television give all sexual variations (sexuellen Spielarten) proportionally equal representation?
Should the UN make the knowledge of how to build an atomic weapon available upon request?
THBT the expansion in the proportion of the population attending university has done more harm than good
THW punish poachers of endangered species in the same way as murderers
THBT developing countries should ban non citizens from purchasing real estate
THBT MGM studios should cast a woman as the next Bond
(Info Slide) THBT the United States Should fund Madrassas in Pakistan
THBT the Mexican government should offer immunity for economic crimes to drug cartels in exchange for not targeting the police, military or civilians
THS the reappropriation of the word 'nigger
THW ban sports, where the main purpose is to inflict pain (e.g. boxing, martial arts)
THBT the state should fund the identity change, including changing their legal name and physical appearance, of infamous prisoners upon their release
THBT Western countries should offer to immediately cancel all debts owed by any authoritarian country upon its transition to democracy
THBT the gay rights movement should campaign for the abolition of marriage, rather than marriage equality
THW ban all political polls before any election
THW make the use of conscripts in active combat a war crime
THBT from kindergarten onwards all education should be gender neutral
THW ban homeschooling
TH, which is the US, would stop the use of armed military drones in pakistan
THW offer financial incentives for bringing in elusive criminals
THW require all companies to publish salaries to the entire public
THW obligate newly formed states that were formed through violent resistance to pay reparations for harms and casualties which were caused by their struggle
THBT the state should subsidise news media outlets
THBT the government of the DRC should hire private military companies to defeat rebels in North and South Kivu
TH supports citizen-initiated referendums*
THBT the Japanese government should renounce pacifism and rearm
TH supports the legalisation of the production, sale, purchase and consumption of All recreational drugs
THW alter World Trade Organisation rules to allow poor countries to erect protectionist barriers against rich countries
THW, as the UK, give up its nuclear arsenal
THBT all criminal trials should be decided by a jury verdict
THW allow employers to offer a contract to their female employees giving up their right to become pregnant.
This House believes that governments should end all direct international aid, and donate money to Non Governmental Organizations (e.g. Oxfam, Médicins Sans Frontièrs) instead
THW remove bylines from individual newspaper articles
THW rather spend the money on subsidised housing and living costs for migrants in the centre of Paris than investment in the Banlieues
TH, as a draftee, would dodge the draft
The Twin Towers were a recognizable part of the famous New York skyline. On the 11th of September on 2001 they were destroyed by a terrorist attack. In 2011 the New York City Office commissioned the building of the Freedom Tower on Ground Zero. Motion: THW have instead rebuilt the world trade centre to original specifications, but one floor higher
THBT all professional football clubs should be majority owned by their supporters
THW ban children from participating in religious activities
THBT emerging democracies should ban the election of close family members of current or previous office-holders
the Greek left wing party Syriza has promised to renegotiate the current bailout, and turn back a number of austerity measures, such as lowering of pension and welfare benefits. Motion: As a Greek voter, THW vote for Syriza
THW create public housing for the poor in wealthy areas
THBT Japan should acquire nuclear weapons
THW only imprison individuals who pose a direct and continuing threat to society
THBT International development institutions (such as the World Bank) should not finance natural resource extraction projects in corrupt states
THBT self described progressive males of dominant ethnicities are morally obliged to refrain from taking positions of responsibility where there is a qualified alternative candidate from a historically disadvantaged group who would otherwise receive the post
THW legally permit soldiers to refuse to participate in military actions or missions on the basis of conscience
THBT European Union nations should forgive Greece’s sovereign debt
THBT countries with booming populations should allocate every adult a single tradable permit to have a child
THW ban political parties and require all candidates for national public office to seek election as independents
THBT publicly funded universities should be required to reduce enrolment in degree programs within their university that have statistically poor employment outcomes
THBT policies that may have significant environmental consequences should be subject to a veto by a 'supreme court' of scientific experts
TH welcomes the decline of the USA as the sole global super power.
THBT publicly funded universities should be required to reduce enrolment in degree programs within their university that have statistically poor employment outcomes (same as EFL_Quarters)
THBT the feminist movement should actively promote norms of stable monogamous relationships
THBT representative democracies with large numbers of foreigners living in their territory (on a temporary or permanent basis) should create specific seats to represent them in parliament.
THBT universities should never prohibit research or teaching on the grounds of sexist, racist or otherwise discriminatory implications
THBT the US should cut off military aid to Egypt
THW ban all advertising of consumer goods and services
TBHT the WTO should never allow nations to place export restrictions on food, rare-earth metals, and other non-oil commodities
THW not allow religious communities to expel members on the basis of views or actions that contradict doctrinal teachings
THBT all components of the welfare state should be means tested
THBT feminists should support the death penalty for crimes of severe sexual assault in countries with extreme gender inequality
(Info Slide) THW ban the practice and use of all alternative therapies
TH, as the USA, no longer supports the right to bear arms
THW not teach vocational subjects at universities
THW compel HIV infected people to disclose their HIV status to their sexual partners
Do we need to abolish public broadcasting?
Should doping be allowed in professional sport (Leistungssport)?
Should throw our principles away (over board)?
Do we need schocking pictures of the slaughter and processing of meat and sausage products?
To hell with extortionate rent prices: do we need housing socialism?
Should we give up on climate protection?
Should large infrastructural projects be subject to democratic control?
THB the west should not recruit doctors from the developing world
THB student unions should not campaign on geo-political issues
THW ban religious based rehabilitation programs, regardless of how effective they may be
THW hold a referendum on the death penalty.
TH regrets the existence of mankind
THW rather die before they get old.
THBT we are clever enough to engineer our doom but not to prevent it.
THBT limitation nurtures creativity
THBT peace is only an illusion
THBT we should not let our schooling interfere with our education
THBT technology is killing our work ethic
THBT we should strive for immortality
THW sooner befriend an evil genius than a dull hero
THBT Art is the highest achievement of humanity.
THBT change is not progress
THBT life is nasty, brutish and short
THBT uncle Sam is not a member of the family
THBT books are obsolete
THBT it is better to learn than to be taught
THBT true friends stab you in the front.
THBT peace depends on fear
THBT banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than armies
THBT social disgust is a sufficient justification for censoring art
THW federalise the European Union
THBT the state should never negotiate with hostage takers
THW force pregnant minors to have an abortion or give their child up for adoption
THW introduce trial by jury
THBT Mexican state should create a list of known members of drug cartels and outlaw everyone on it
THBT CDA should vote with the ruling coalition if proposed laws satisfy the Senate criteria of redelijkheid (reasonableness, judiciousness, fairness) and samenhang (congruence with other laws) (addendum: instead of for other political criteria)
THW split up banks until none are “too big to fail”
THW only drill for gas in areas where the population has consented through a local referendum (inspired by recent opposition to gas drilling in Groningen)
THW not prosecute victims of domestic violence for crimes committed as a result of their abuse
THBT the marketing strategies of Western NGOs have hindered the development of the global South
THW ban the teaching of Romeo and Juliet in schools
THB the campaign for marriage equality is a waste of the gay community's resources
THW hold Islam accountable for the actions of Islamists
THBT allowing women on front lines is a victory for feminism
TH as an Israeli Arab would boycott Israeli elections
THW restrict media coverage of school shootings
Should the government leader at federal and state level be directly elected?
Should employees of energy and transport companies be banned from striking?
Should Bilbo stay home?
Should we create a public newspaper?
TH, being the US, would oblige the Amish to send their children to public high schools
THW ban meat consumption
THW ban cosmetic/plastic surgery aimed to change racial features
THW introduce corporal punishment
THW abolish the UN Security Council
THW make abortion mandatory in cases of severe medical conditions that lead to short and painful lives
THBT student societies and newspapers should have a 'no platform' policy for extremist political figures
TH, as Tottenham Hotspur, would ban fans found chanting 'Yid Army'
THBT parents, where concerned, should install spyware to monitor their children's online activity and communications
THW ban religious proselytising and faith-based rehabilitation programmes in prisons
THBT states should place constitutional limits on regressive taxation policies
TH regrets the societal acceptance of promiscuity
THW criminalise doping in sport
THW ban any technology that can delete or alter a person's memory
A pill exists that ensures "moral behaviour", THW ban the morality pill.
THB that abortion referendums should be open to women voters only
THB countries should cease trying to prevent climate change and focus resources on preparing for its consequences.
THB social media companies have a duty to prevent far-right or hate groups from using their platforms.
TH supports a Palestinian right of return.
THBT former colonial powers should never intervene militarily or economically in favour of one side in a civil war or rebellion in a former colony.
THW abolish trial by jury
THBT, when and where gay marriage is legal, religious institutions should be compelled to conduct gay wedding ceremonies
THBT all policy on drugs, alcohol, tobacco and other controlled substances should be made by expert scientific panels and not elected officials
THBT the Arab Spring has been bad for Egypt
THW punish illegal tax avoidance (evasion) by the deprivation of citizenship
THBT it is impossible to be a pro-life feminist
TH regrets that Lance Armstrong got caught
THW introduce graduate tax
THW ban tobacco
THB freedom of speech should never be curtailed
THW stop all efforts to cease the international drug trade and put all funding into education and rehab
TH, as a progressive, would oppose the awarding of hosting rights for major international sporting competitions to 'Unprogressive' countries
THBT Advocates for Trans* people should not campaign within the feminist movement
THBT opposition movements in countries with repressive regimes should never use violent tactics
TH (As the EU) would make development aid conditional upon developing countries using it for renewable energy generation
Should we intervene in Mali?
Should the water supply be nationalised all over Europe?
Should Incest be allowed?
Should the possibility to revoke a PhD degree be under a statute of limitation?
Should we, who are technically capable of it, seek contact with extraterrestrials?
Should we ban the import of goods that were not produced under the social and ecological standards of the EU?
Should we buy armed drones?
THW return all national treasures to their countries of origin, provided they sincerely commit to preserve and display them.
THW end the search for extraterrestrial intelligence
THBT, in the event of an immediate and unprovoked Israeli strike against Iran's nuclear facilities, the USA should make a credible pledge to support Israel in any resulting conflict.
THW set maximum rents for residential property in the city of Paris.
THW legalise polygamy
THBT Pakistan should end all cooperation with America’s War on Terror.
THBT Socrates should not have drunk the hemlock
TH supports the legislation (legalisation?) of sex work
THBT every member of the NRA is morally culpable for the level of gun crime in the US
THBT the government should access private electronic communications to predict and tackle crime
THBT artists from privileged groups should not depict characters from underprivileged groups in their work
THBT the UN should recruit a standing army
a pill exists to prevent you falling in love, THW take that pill
THW abolish private property
THBT Western Liberal Democracies should institute bans on their citizens visiting illiberal states whose economies depends on tourism
THW require prospective owners or large shareholders of sport clubs / teams to gain majority support from season ticket holders or other representatives of the fan base to complete their acquisition
THW make conscription a war crime
THW require close relatives of the homeless to pay their welfare costs to the extent that they can afford to do so
THW allocate state funding for the arts exclusively to new and original work, and never to reproductions of ‘great works’ or other old plays, opera, music, films or art
This House would allow pro-life organisations to offer to pay women considering abortions to carry the baby to term (assuming adequate child support services exist)
THBT the International Criminal Court should focus on indicting and prosecuting larger numbers of middle-to-low ranking suspects for war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide, rather than smaller numbers of high ranking suspects
This House believes that the civil and criminal legal system has no business considering or regulating behaviour that exclusively occurs in online virtual worlds such as ‘Second Life’
This House would support policies of ‘ever increasing political union’ – i.e. progressive political integration aimed at the distant goal of federal unification – amongst members of the League of Arab States
THW withdraw all state benefits including healthcare from the voluntarily unemployed
THBT Student Unions should not take an explicit policy on abortion
THB that independent states in the developing world should be allowed to unilaterally opt to become overseas territories of their former colonial powers.
THW ban all individuals who have advocated or used violence in order to further a political cause in a liberal democratic state, from standing for future elections
THW Not Shoot the Naked Soldier
THW ban the production and consumption of tobacco in the European Union
THW make lying by politicians punishable by law
TH hopes the United Kingdom will leave the European Union
THW not pursue income redistribution beyond poverty reduction (armoedebestrijding, i.e. combatting poverty)
THW make the punishment for drunk driving equal to manslaughter, even if the driver caused no accident
THW set a public ultimatum: if the next pope does not implement radical reforms, the Roman Catholic church will be disbanded
THW ban the use of artificial human augmentation, either by surgical or genetic therapy.
THB that people who attend mass are morally responsible for the actions of the Catholic Church
THW allow prisoners to choose death over life sentence
THW ban domestic drones
THW officially register Pastafarianism as a religion in Poland.
THW introduce tax cuts for qualified foreigners who want to settle in Poland.
THW supplement Polish Constitution with the civil right of access to the Internet.
THW ban advertising that invoke polishness as a value
THBT Poland should join the Eurozone as soon as possible
THBT political parties should be subject to anti-monopoly laws
THBT single parents sent to prison should be able to raise their children in prison.
TH, as Israel, would grant exemptions from compulsory military service to all and only those citizens that give up their right to vote.
TH approves of the New York Post's decision to publish the subway photograph 'Doomed'.
TH approves of the USA's policy of extra-judicial killing of terrorists.
THBT at least 50% of the Legislature (Parliament) should be appointed by a socially representative random draw from the general population.
THBT states should disband their armed forces and use PMCs as and when necessary
THBT the unemployed, living in areas of high unemployment and low private investment, should relocate to areas where their employment is more likely in order to keep their benefits.
THBT David Cameron was wrong to offer the British electorate a referendum on EU membership.
TH regrets the turn away from socialism
THW create separate state schools for those who are LGBTQ
THBT former colonial powers should never intervene militarily in their former colonies
THBT in order to continue to eat meat individuals should personally slaughter a major meat animal
THW abolish all term limitations for elected officials in high offices
THW require all isolated religious communities to give all 18-year-olds a Rumspringa
THBT an EU institution should block websites in EU member states that use negative racial/ethnic/religious stereotypes
TH, as the academic and debating communities of the UK, would not invite George Galloway to our public debates
THW ban unpaid internships
THW would ban the use of unarmed domestic surveillance drones
THW assassinate Iranian and North Korean nuclear scientists
THBT governments have no legal or moral obligation to respond with proportionate force to armed attacks on their citizens
THB the ICC should not issue warrants for suspects during ongoing conflicts
TH regrets the centralisation of organised religion
THW allow parents of children with Klüver-Bucy syndrome to sterilise those children
THW make access to museums art exhibitions concerts etc. attractions free for people earning less than a certain wage
THW prohibit films about historical or political events,or those of a biographical nature, unless produced as documentaries
THB former colonial powers should maintain a presence in former colonies,in the interest of benefiting those colonies
THB emphasis on the depiction of the "normal" female body is no more empowerment than equal emphasis on the "perfect" female body
THW give more votes to those who live in areas with high levels of political apathy and low voter turnout
THW would allow parents to microchip their children without the child's consent
THW allow individuals to contract out of all basic employment provisions in their contracts (such as health & safety, unfair dismissal etc) in return for compensation.
THW allow individuals to sue religious organisations for compensation for the harmful effects of choices made as a result of adherence to religious doctrine
THW require the creators of artistic works which depict negative stereotypes of disenfranchised groups to give a portion of their profits to those groups
THW Prosecute Irish politicians of the era for failing to take action over the abuses of the Magdalene Laundries.
In a possible near future world, a computer chip has been developed which can painlessly be implanted in the brain, preventing all sexual desire. At the same time, technology has advanced to the point where completely asexual human reproduction is possible. THW prefer that world to this one.
TH regrets the rise of globalisation
THBT individualism has failed us
THBT youth is wasted on the young
THBT you can't plan the future by the past
THBT juries should only include individuals that are from the same socio-economic class as the defendant
TH, in hindsight, would still have fought the 2003 war in Iraq
THW, as an atheist, join an atheist church (definition: an atheist church is a congregation of non-religious people, who engage in singing, lectures and other activities. It also promotes the Manifesto for Atheists, which lists atheist virtues)
THBT school children in the UK should be taught that their country engaged in war crimes
TH, as the heir to any European throne, would refuse to become a monarch
THBT women are morally justified in lying about their past experiences, abilities and future family plans at a job interview or application
You are an emigrant from a poor and collapsing unnamed country. You are offered full and immediate citizenship from the United States and the European Union. The offers are the only two options you have and are mutually exclusive. You do not know where you will live in either Union. Your native and only language is not spoken in either. Motion: THW emigrate to the European Union.
THW hold a referendum among all churchgoing Catholics to elect the new Pope rather than having Cardinals elect him
THW require internet users to disclose their identities
On the 10th Anniversary, TH does not regret the decision to invade Iraq.
TH, as the board of Zenit St. Petersburg, would preference players with Slavic ethnicity, in order to respect the wishes of the fans
THBT Conservative MPs should not have been given a free vote on the Marriage (same sex couples) Bill
THW require individuals to donate 75% of their annual income above £1 million to charity
THW sentence repeat offenders to life imprisonment
In post-conflict societies, THBT that justice is better served by TRCs (Truth and Reconciliation Committees) than by prosecution of perpetrators of attrocities other than the leaders
TH regrets the acceptance of Atheism in the form promoted by Richard Dawkins in The God Delusion
THW put a high minimum price on meat.
THBT schools should teach sex positive sex education (ie techniques for sexual gratification) in secondary schools.
TH regrets the rise of Marxism in Latin America
THW make the next James Bond gay
THBT Israel should give East Jerusalem to the Palestinians
THW require all criminal defendants to use a government-provided lawyer. 
THW withhold government funding from indigenous bands or tribal councils that do not have a democratic form of government. 
THW aggressively prioritize the posting of female diplomats to countries with poor women's rights records. 
THBT Pakistan should sincerely pursue peace talks with the Pakistani Taliban. 
THW not grant developing countries the right to host major sporting events. 
THW extend the right to vote in Israeli elections to all Jews everywhere, including those who live outside of Israel. 
THBT white entertainers should refrain from using cultural modes of expression that come from minority cultures.
THBT all major daily newspapers and TV news channels should be required to treat all controversial issues with due accuracy and impartiality. 
THBT religious leaders should not endorse candidates for political office. 
Should corporations be forced, in case of layoffs, to always lay off those workers with the best chances on the labour market?
Should the prosecution and defence in criminal cases no longer be able to make deals?
Should a word, that one group feels is discriminating, no longer be used by that same group either?
Should secret services produce pictures of despots that change their reputation and distribute those in the countries of these despots?
Should a state be excluded from the EU when its politics go against the basic values of the EU?
THBT the Romanian state should cut all ties to all churches
THW abolish the institution of the criminal record
In a run-off for the Romanian Presidency, HW rather vote for Gigi Becali than Corneliu Vadim Tudor (Romanian extremist politicians)
THW fight for the reunification of Romania with the Republic of Moldova
Given easily accessible technology to choose the sex of a future child, THW give financial stimulants to parents that choose to have girls
THW ban the popular vote in talent shows:
THW pardon Bashar al-Assad for all his crimes in exchange for him stepping down from power
THBT in times of economic recession, European states, don't spend enough
THW reinstitute the Czecho-Slovak federation.
THW send top teachers to weakest schools.
THW constitutionally cap the government deficit at 3% of GDP.
THW ban pornography.
THW let Iran develop nuclear weapons.
THW enable directly elected heads of state to, at their own initiative, dismiss government cabinets or their individual members.
THW not have children
THW legalise the private sale of organs
TH, as a feminist parent, would deliberately undermine its child's gender.
TH welcomes the creation of strong forms of artificial intelligence
THB that it is morally permissible to target civilians in times of war
THBT American politicians should not use the language of American Exceptionalism
TH Regrets the rise of Reality Television
THW make the Internet a public good
THW prohibit underaged from entering religious organizations
THW ban professors/teachers from communicating with students/schoolchildren in social networks
THW allow the use of negative competitor image in advertisement
THW include debating into school curriculum
THW allow to participate in general election only those people with IQ above a certain level
THBT the government should be blamed for slow economic growth
THW ban teenagers from using Facebook
THW choose immortality over fertility
THBT Simba should not go back
THBT Bilbo should have killed Gollum when he had the chance
THBT all politicians should be celibate
THW ban advertising
THBT charity is immoral
THW kill its best friend when s/he is about to become a zombie
THW build a second Deathstar
THBT children under 18 with close relatives who are victims of FGM should not be allowed to travel outside the EU
THW ban Google Glasses
THW discourage people with genetic diseases from having children and prioritise them in terms of adoption
THW replace juries with panels of philosophers who will decide cases purely on utilitarian grounds
THW not give aliens the vote (aliens live alongside humans 1 year from now)
THB feminists should oppose capitalism
THBT the feminist movement should oppose the banning of the burqa
THBT the Pope Francis should make an ex-cathedra statement to the effect that all Catholics must support socialism
THW give the Roma a homeland
THW build a deathstar
As an omipotent, omniscient god, THW smite people who commit serious crimes and who we know will feel no remorse
THW bring back public corporal punishment for smaller crimes
THW make higher education free
THW abolish the speaker tab
THW fully replace agriculture and fishing with stem cell production to produce food
THW require priests to report confessions that lead to criminal convictions
You are an Israeli nuclear submarine commander. You learn that Israel has been wiped out by an iranian nuclear strike. THW return Fire
THW link Job Seekers Allowance to previous income
THW not become a superhero
THW encourage replacing human body parts with advanced robotic counterparts
THW build 500,000 social homes in the London Greenbelt
THW wipe the memories of those convicted very serious crimes and replace them with more positive memories
THW require universities to increase funding for classics and deprioritise funding for popular culture choices
In world that has eradicated racism, THW prefer that people were/were not able to recognise differences in physical appearance
THW ban marriage.
TH, which is a woman, would not make any cosmetic changes to her appearance, including but not limited to makeup, shaving, and plastic surgeries .
THW ban all presentations of the 10th commandment in all Israeli School systems.
TH, which is a female debater, would participate in next year's Glasgow Ancients.
THB the pope should be elected by all members of the Catholic Church
THW introduce ethnic and gender quotas for film and television programs
THW not grant amnesty to people who commit atrocities in conflicts
THW allow soldiers to volunteer for experimental genetic and physical modifications
THW prosecute the perpetrators of domestic violence without the victim's consent
THW die for a cause
THBT celebrating housewives impedes the feminist movement
THW criminalize gang membership.
THBT adoption agencies should seek to place children in families with a similar culture to that of their biological parents.
THW require re-ratification of all international treaties, including the EU, by popular referenda every decade.
THBT the international community should treat espionage as a justification for military retaliation.
THBT the news media should also represent the criminal’s point of view when reporting on criminal convictions.
THBT the LGBT rights movement should abandon the ‘born this way’ campaign. (Info: ‘Some people believe that they were born LGBT, some LGBT people believe that it is a choice that they made. Currently, the LGBT movement uses being ‘Born this way’ as a way of legitimising equal rights.’)
In times of war, THBT relatives of civilians killed by the military occupation, should be able to sue the soldiers responsible for their relative’s death in civilian court.
THW give only temporary marriage lines
THW require all isolated religious communities (eg. Hasidic Jews, Jehova's Witnesses) to give all 18-year-olds a 'Rumspringa' [Amish tradition of sending off 18-y.-olds to live in outside world for 1 year, after which they may chose to return or not]
THBT South Korea should have nuclear weapon
THW make companies pay taxes equal to their influence on the environment
THW allow police to provoke citizens for committing crimes
THW give citizens negative votes on general elections
THBT organized religion causes more harm than good
THW allow the use of bounty hunters
THBT Cuba should prioritise the implementation of capitalism over the implementation of democracy
THW not give out separate art prizes (like the Oscars) for men and women
THBT patriotism is a virtue
THB in a human right to suicide
THW abolish all limits on the heights of buildings
THW abolish all anonymity for sperm donation
THW arm Syrian rebels
THBT the state should support home ownership
THBT the International Olympic Committee should ban all athletes who express hostile views towards racial, ethnic or sexual minorities from participating
THW stop funding all space programs
THBT parents have a moral obligation not to consume alcohol
THBT that extraordinary taxation of saving deposits in times of crisis is justified
THBT people should only be allowed to work in state or local government agencies for a maximum of 5 years
THBT Western liberal democracies should ban unpaid internships
TH supports the decision to stop British development aid to India
THBT states should never protect dying languages
THBT the use of violence can be legitimate in political protest
TH supports the creation of a feminist political party
THW require all social networks that offer services to minors to offer parents full unlimited access to their children's accounts
THBT the entire European Union should adopt the ban on communist symbols
THBT Lithuania should recognise Polish as an official language in municipalities with significant populations of ethnic Poles
TH, which is China, would cease all political and economic support to North Korea
THW force employers to allow their employees to work from home whenever physically possible
THW allow the deliberate targeting of civilians in war, where it would significantly reduce casualties in the long term
TH, as Cyprus, would ask Russia for its bailout
This House Still Believes in "Liberty, Equality, Fraternity"
THBT parents of underaged children should not drink alcohol
THW set up brothels in military bases
THW Make US military aid to Israel dependent on Israel accepting the two-state solution
THW force state officials to keep all their financial assets in domestic banks
THBT police officers should pose as children on social networking sites to entrap paedophiles
THW ban all individuals who have advocated or used violence in order to further a political cause in emerging democratic states, from standing for future elections
THBT the state has no responsibility in protecting intellectual property rights
THBT the salaries and the continuation of employment of teachers should be dependent on the academic performance of their students
THBT: The international community should support a one-state solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict
THW: Ban Political Opinion Polls
“to secure for the workers by hand or by brain the full fruits of their industry and the most equitable distribution thereof that may be possible upon the basis of the common ownership of the means of production, distribution and exchange and the best attainable system of popular administration and control of each industry or service” (clause 4, part 4)Clause 4 as a whole was the symbol of the Labour Party’s commitment to “public ownership” and the Party’s principled opposition to market capitalism. Clause 4 was abolished under the leadership of Tony Blair at a special party conference in Easter 1995. Motion: THBT the Labour party should not have revoked Clause 4
THBT the Democratic Party should give up their attempts to regulate firearms and openly seek the complete abolition of firearms (approximate wording)
THBT all corporations should become workers' co-operatives.
THW require the consent of the subjects before publishing photographs of celebrities
THBT feminists should support free markets in the developing world/
THW vote to acquit and attempt to persuade other jurors to do the same
THW allow legislation through voter initiated referenda. 
THW establish a US federal court with the authority to approve targeted killings of unlawful combatants. 
THW prohibit provincial and local governments from offering tax incentives to lure corporations to open business in their domain. 
THBT the discovery of a means to stop the human aging process would be a curse to humanity.
THBT governments should use corporal punishment instead of incarceration for a significant number of crimes. 
THS diversity quotas for university admissions. 
THW allow individuals to opt out of employment provisions relating to health and safety in return for increased pay
THW allow sex offenders to choose to undergo castration in return for a considerably shorter sentence
THW ban serving military generals from talking to the media
THBT children in the West Bank should be educated in integrated schools (integrated school is one where students sit in the same classroom and share all facilities irrespective of background (including religion, culture or ethnicity))
THBT in reducing its budget deficit, Ireland should prioritise cutting welfare to an absolute minimum rather than increasing taxes and cutting services
TH,as the US Republican Party,would end the use of primaries to select their presidential nominee
TH supports Belfast City Council's decision to restrict the flying of the Union Jack outside Belfast City Hall
TH, as commissioner Gordon, would never use the bat signal.
TH, as the French Parliament, would not have recognised the Armenian Genocide
THW choose a comprehensive education system where the only selection process is geographical location and NOT intelligence, ability or talent
TH welcomes the anglicization of the French language
It is 1945. THW create a Jewish state in Western Europe instead of the Middle East
Given the technology, THW, as a genius, use this technology to reduce its intelligence to become “normal”
THBT French millionaires should escape to England
THB America has no culture
THB France should be more German
THB Germany should let Europe die
THW provide the disabled access to sex workers as part of national health care
THW pay mercenaries to assassinate Kim Jong-un.
THBT governments should actively discourage consumerist lifestyles
TH regrets the EU Troika’s reliance on mainly austerity measures as a solution for at risk Eurozone economies.
THW make failure to render reasonable assistance to a person in distress a criminal offence.
THBT feminist organisations should not use nudity as a tactic for pursuing their aims
TH Regrets the strong social norms in favour of lifelong monogamy.
Should we teach beggars profitable street arts?
Should HIV-infected people be forced to take a pill that would kill them within three days?
Should the state give up on shrinking villages?
Should sexual acts with robots be banned, as soon as these are physically comparable to human beings?
Should people with more children be allowed to enter retirement earlier?
Should scientific writings be freely available?
Should the internet be closed on Sundays?
THW legally bind children to take care of their parents once the parents reach old age.
This house would erect a memorial statue for President Ronald Reagan in the red Square.
TH, as a feminist, would marry a closeted homosexual in order to help him keep his sexual identity secret.
THW, as Russia, offer all Western European millionaires a low tax asylum and full Citizenship in the Russian federation.
THW abolish NATO
THBT the state should never ever fund the arts or cultural activities.
You are a member of the Pussy Riots. You are presented with a fail safe plan to runaway from prison and start a relatively comfortable life in the west. THW stay in prison.
THW give a higher child subsidies to couples composed by persons from different Member States of the EU.
THW make mandatory that all European treaties would be submitted to a referendum under only one electoral cycle.
THW give a higher child subsidies to couples composed by persons from different Member States of the EU.
THBT the Common Agricultural Policy harmed the national agricultures.
THW criminalise adultery
THW have a standing policy of conducting air strikes on government buildings of states which are implicated in the massacre of their own citizens
THW set up an online voting system for citizens to directly choose the distribution of a specified portion of the national budget
THW offer terminally ill patients the option of a cash grant if they forgo treatment and consent to early euthanasia
THW make development aid conditional on recipient states adopting a one-child policy
THW ban the publication of images of terrorist atrocities
THW impose a tax on men to reduce the gender pay gap
THW ban all beauty pageants
THW abolish all exceptions to the military draft on the basis of religion, sexual orientation or gender in democratic countries that have a compulsory military draft
THW abolish the statute of limitations for serious crimes
THW use military force to destroy North Korea’s nuclear facilities
THW bring the Greek debt back to healthy European standards by a one-off wealth taxation of Greek’s rich.
THBT Dutch labour unions should agree to a structural decrease in pay for older employees
THW offer all citizens, upon request, a second chance
After a military intervention to bring down a dictator, THW put a new dictator in place who is the best possible candidate
Should we allow the police to use racial profiling?
Should we put a limit to the time parties can be in parliament?
Should selfishness be proscribed?
It is 1952. Should the Bundersrepublik Deutschland agree to the Stalin-Note?
Should the country grant bravery medals to drone soldiers?
Should same-sex couples receive full adoption rights?
Should exile be reinstated as a form of punishment?
Should we abolish all family (welfare) benefits in exchange for a one-off children premium of 100.000 Euros?
Should all Members of Parliament be selected, not through elections, but through a lottery from among all citizens?
Should journalists hand the Offshore-Leaks data to the competent authorities?
Should same-sex couples receive full adoption rights?
Should we abolish the balancing of federal budgets (Länderfinanzausgleich)?
Should the candidate for Chancellor of a party be elected by all party members?
Do we need the meatfree Monday?
Should Germany disarm completely?
Should the special status of churches under labour law be abolished?
Should same-sex couples receive full adoption rights?
THW ban industrial action in time of economic recession
THW ban all media (such as music, films and video games) which glorify misogyny
THW end the use of armed drones in counter-terrorism operations
THBT in emerging democracies with a history of female oppression, women should be granted two votes
THBT western governments should cease all diplomatic,economic and military ties with the Bahrain government and support the opposition movement
This House Would Make the Use of Unmanned Military Attack Vehicles a War Crime
TH applaudes that the representatives of the Member States on the European Council and on European Parliament adopt as criteria for decisions what is best for the citizens of their own countries and not what is best for the European citizens.
TH (as the EU) would offer visas for residence to all immigrants and their families that have proven to have found means of subsistence.
THW remove all "sin taxes"
TH, as US President, would grant Chinese Christian refugees asylum
THBT Governments should fund and public display of art which viscerally portrays the suffering of victims created by state policies/actions (eg war, failure to go to war, poverty at home and abroad)
THW only allow election campaigns to be funded by a fixed budget provided by the state
TH, as the gay community, regrets the rise of Grindr in western liberal democracies
In the event of a terrorist attack by radical Islamists, THW fabricate evidence (which wouldn't be found out to be untrue) that the attack was committed by someone from the dominant (religious/ethnic) group in that society
TH, as 2 atheist parents, raising their child in a homogeneous religious rural community (e.g. in Texas) would raise their child to be religious
THW exhibit the Ten Commandments in all public schools of the EU.
THW aplaude that the Member States of the EU would participate in the Olympics under only one flag.
In cases of politically motivated terrorist attacks, THW ban the press from disclosing any information regarding the name, background or the political motivation of the attackers
You are a single woman in her twenties. Sleeping with your boss would probably significantly advance your career. THW do it.
THW force elected politicians and their families to use only public health and education services.
THBT any form of conscription is a war crime
THB Croatia should stop all special treatment of the Catholic religion.
Assuming the existence of the Biblical God, THW never praise him
THW prosecute (in western courts) anyone who buys people out of slavery in the developing world
THB that the Church of England should not allow the singing of Jerusalem in its services
THW require that all marginal increases in funding for healthcare technology be spent on whatever NICE believes most cost effectively maximises Quality Adjusted Life Years.
THW create: 1) an obligation on western powers to militarily intervene in conflicts where chemical weapons are being used (regardless of UN approval), and 2) a right if major humanitarian organisations to sue governments for failure to fulfil this obligation
THBT racial profiling is a legitimate tool in fighting crime
THW prohibit the military from embedding journalists
THBT all state funding of the art should be allocated to artists through a random and equal lottery
THW introduce a statute of limitation on murder
THB the US should unilaterally intervene in Syria
THBT police force should have quotas of proportional representation of races
THW forgive the group of young people who blew up a monument of Stalin in Ukraine.
THW require all politicians who are running for election to do a test of general knowledge whose results would then be made ​​public
THW require from companies to share their annual profit to all employees
THW abolish gender categories for the awards in culture
THW not punish offenders for non-violent crimes with prison sentence
Humanity has found an alien species of an unknown level of technological development. Motion: THW not make first contact with an alien
THBT on October 5th blood should have been spilled
THW censor art that desecrates religious symbols
THW ban religious preachers in the public sphere
THBT the USA should give South Korea independent control of a nuclear arsenal
TH, as a professional female athlete, would not pose in a sexualised manner for magazines and commercials
In areas where hostage taking is a tactic, THW require soldiers to kill squad mates who are about to be captured
THW subsidise art that glorifies the working class
THW completely abolish all subsidies and preferential treatment to the farming industry in the EU
You are a poor 19-year old woman living in a former Soviet state. You have little education, no obvious career prospects, and few opportunities for economic advancement in your own country. THW register as a mail order bride
TH, which is the EU, would sue any individual who speaks untrue of or defames the European Union
TH as Israel would immediately intervene in Syria
THBT billionaires have a moral obligation to donate their money to the US government instead of charities
You are Arnold Schwarzenegger, You are presented a script in which you are asked to portray a SS Nazi Officer who is presented in a positive humane light. THW take on the role
THBT the EU should adopt the formation of a constitutional anti-theistic atheist society as one of its declared goals (Infoslides: The current stated goal of the european union, as stipulated in the treaty of rome, is an "ever closer union" Anti-theistic atheism society is a society that while still allowing religions to exist,more than just being secular actively seeks to eliminate religion from state institutions, laws and actively promotes atheism to the general public
THW make organ donations after death mandatory
THW not export any weapons out of the EU
THW replace the three-tiered education system with one common high school (with infoslide)
THW check all Doctorate theses of living persons for plagiarism
THW welcome a UK exit out of the EU
THW ban alternative medicine
THW not have introduced a common European currency
THW make membership of a political party mandatory
TH celebrates (approves of) the existence of religion
THW pay male teachers in primary school more than female teachers
TH regrets the founding of the state of Israel
THW ban media from publishing graphic depictions of terrorist attacks
THW ban private companies from choosing political positions and promoting them
THW make fathers responsible for children, in financial and other terms, only if they have given explicit permission for their birth
THBT Djokar Tsarnev, the Boston Marathon bomber, should be given the death penalty
THW take the children of Roma who live traditional lifestyles into state care
THW reverse austerity measures in Europe
THW allow voters to dismiss their government during its term through citizen initiated referenda
THBT EU should offer Middle Eastern and North African states membership in exchange for successful democratic transformation
Additive manufacturing or 3D printing is the process of making a three-dimensional solid object of almost any shape from a downloadable design. Currently, they can be used to create shoes, electronic devises, guns and even houses. In future, their uses are likely to grow. Motion: THW ban the sale of 3D printers to households
THW replace the national sport teams of Ex-Yugoslavian republics with new unified teams
Should self-incriminating reports for tax evasion no longer lead to amnesty/ower punishment?
Should Members of Parliaments be allowed to have family members as employees?
Should works of art no longer be restored?
Should genetic testing right after birth be made mandatory?
Should Telecommunications providers be required by law to ensure net neutrality?
Should there be a quota for young people in top political offices?
TH is Martin Luther. THW not publish the Theses
During WWII: THBT the Western Allies should under no circumstances cooperate with Stalin
In the middle of the 19th century: THW stop export of food products from Ireland until the Great Famine ends
TH is Gandhi. THW declare war on the English occupation
Should bullfighting be forbidden?
Should teams be excluded from sports matches when one of their team members has taken doping?
Seed companies seek out strong-yielding plants and sterilise the seeds. The plants cannot produce fertile seeds and the companies protect their license rights. Motion: Should plant sterilisation be banned?
Assume the technical possibility of a manned flight to Mars, without the possibility to survive there on a long-term basis, or to return: Should we send a manned spacecraft to Mars?
Should we abolish adding to wages until the income reaches the poverty line?
After a civil war, should the ethnic groups involved be separated, even through forced resettlement?
Should commuter allowances be abolished?
Servicemen and women are equal before the law in the Armed Forces. In practice, women are not used on the frontline (as special commandos for example). Motion: should women be employed in the frontline?
Should prisoners on hungerstrike be forcefed?
When the Bundestag votes on matters of conscience, the members can vote without party discipline. Should the People decide on matters of conscience instead of the Parliament?
THW remove the right to vote upon retirement
THBT the targeting of religious sites is a legitimate tool of war
THW make fines relative to wealth
TH, as a Russian-speaking Latvian, would not vote for a Russian party in Latvian elections.
THW require couples that intend to enter into official partnerships to be informed of their partners full genetic profile and other health issues
THW prosecute attempted murder and murder as the same crime
THBT the disappearance of marriage from society will be more beneficial for LGBT individuals than their inclusion in it
THBT the USA should fund Private Military Companies (PMCs) to fight the war on drugs in Mexico
TH regrets the use of extreme tactics by feminist groups in countries with poor equalities records (like Femen, Pussy Riot and their supporters)
Where a suitable job is available in an individual's country of origin, THW require anyone wishing to emigrate to first repay the state the cost of any government services they have received to that point.
THW forbid the Supreme Court to annul legislation.
THW ban fortune-telling for profit.
As an emerging nation, THW allow the manufacture and sale of generic drugs even in cases where patents or international treaties are infringed.
THW give security services total and unrestricted access to citizens’ data on social media and webmail services.
THW introduce an immediate democracy. (Information slide: Immediate democracy is a method in which citizens can change their vote at any time. The number of MPs given to each party is allocated on a daily basis and represents the current support percentage of the population. In this system there are no elections, but the number of MPs from each party can change every day.)
THW support popular uprisings against dictators even in cases they are lead by Islamist extremist.
THBT tech companies should never share user information with governments.
In fighting prostitution, THW criminalize only the demand.
THBT Stark Industries should have open-sourced the Iron man suit.
THBT IMF should pay reparations to Greece.
THBT The New York Post shouldn't have published the photo (edit: showing a man about to be overrun by a metro and die)
THW restart the Esperanto project.
THBT offenders with drug dependency should be sent into treatment rather than to prison.
THW grant patients the full right to inspect records of their own treatment from psychotherapists
THB the continuing European Central Bank Policy of low interest rate focus is wrong
TH does not want a society in which people are immortal
THW force theatres that are funded by public money to allow the public to determine its programming
THW remove the 5% election threshold for Islamic parties in all parliamentary elections
THW promote pornography that challenges gender cliches
THW privatise healthcare
THBT that Australia should replace its current flag with the aboriginal one
THW eliminate standardised testing for university admission
THBT Pixar's next animated motion picture should have a same-sex couple as protagonists
As Quadriga, THW not have retracted Putin's award (info)
TH supports the use of child labour in the developing world.
THBT Beyonce is good for feminism.
THBT community vigilante groups have been a force for good in the fight against gangs and gang crime in Mexico.
TH regrets the rise and dominance of Facebook (and other social media sites like Twitter) in Western liberal democracies
THBT the African Union should refuse to cooperate with the ICC and instead pursue their own means of justice.
THBT Greece should ban the Golden Dawn party.
THW force universities to make all their lectures available for free online
TH regrets the rise of mega-rich football clubs (such as Chelsea, Manchester City, PSG, Monaco, Anzhi M. etc)
THBT Barack Hussein Obama should call off the prosecution of NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden
THW give extra votes to young adults
THW offer EU membership to Middle Eastern and North African states that achieve successful democratic transition
THW ban international adoption
Info Slide - State capitalism is an economic model in which companies are privately owned and compete in a free market of consumers, yet the state often intervenes by investing heavily in favored firms, forcing managerial changes, and making other decisions aimed at stabilizing and strengthening the economy. Famous state-capitalist nations include Singapore, China and Russia. Motion: TH supports state capitalism over liberal capitalism.
Info Slide - The US is currently involved in major nation building projects in Afghanistian, including funding and support of democratic institutions, empowerment of local leaders and investment in education. Motion: THBT The US should continue its nation building efforts after it has left Afghanistan militarily.
Info slide - In recent decades, many educational institutions have instructed their teachers that bullying is a result of low self-esteem and other personal problems. Motion: THBT educators should abandon the "pitiful bully" approach
THBT citizens should be more worried about Google and Facebook's access to their data, than the governments' access
THW introduce special schools for LGBTQI.
THB that overthrowing Mohamed Morsi was a mistake.
THW legally permit soldiers to refuse to participate in military actions or missions on the basis of conscience
THW introduce inheritance tax of 100%
THW provide parents access to their children profiles on social networks
THW privatise all education
Do we need mandatory voting?
Should modes of energy production that significantly alter the Umweltnieschen (surrounding/environment?) be banned?
Should there no longer be a possibility of early release in case of life sentences?
Should we decide to categorically deny foreign missions for our army?
THBT in areas where there is a high level of drug-related crime, that laws surrounding the sale and use of drugs should not be enforced.
TH, as a parent in a western liberal democracy, would teach its child to respect authority.
THBT comedians should not use racist, sexist, or homophobic language, even for the purposes of satire.
TH, as Prometheus, would snub mankind
as a promising young graduate, you are offered two jobs. One with a charity that you would enjoy working for ("First Teach"), with reasonable pay. The other with a large multinational firm (DelcentureMG) that provides higher pay, and better long term career prospects. Motion: THW sell out to the man.
THW require all welfare recipients to take drug tests, and if they fail, cut off all monetary benefits and replace with non-monetary benefits such as food/clothing vouchers
THBT post-conflict societies should set a history curriculum that emphasises the wrongs done by their own community during that conflict
THBT juries should be of the same demographic as the accused and victim in each case
THBT the overthrow of Egypt's President, Mohammed Morsi, is a setback to the goals of the Arab Spring
THW hold companies to a higher ethical standard than the law imposes on them
Presuming the technology existed to alter people's sexual orientation, THW make that technology available on the national health service
TH, as President Obama, would grant a presidential pardon to Edward Snowden
THW punish parents for the crimes their minor children commit
THW give the death penalty to government officials that engage in acts of corruption
TH regrets welfare policies promoted by Eurozone countries currently immersed in a debt crisis
THW pay poor people to not have children
THW prohibit in financial settlements lawsuits against pharmaceutical companies
THW allow organ donation only to those individuals who are donors
THW help/support snitches (informants, informers)
THBT developing countries should nationalise companies that extract their national resources
TH supports media censorship during times of political crisis
TH regrets that Brazil is the host of the football World Cup 2014
TH would eliminate the Catholic Church on a global level (the Church’s global governing level?)
TH repents of the Spanish colonisation of Latin America
THW ban the Golden Dawn
THBT the state should not give religious institutions any financial benefits
THBT the United Kingdom should abolish its monarchy
TH regrets Disney's continuation of the Star Wars film saga
THW abolish national sports teams
THBT the City of Thessaloniki should name one of its major avenues after Kemal Atatürk
TH as Socrates would not have drunk the hemlock
THW grant prisoners their right to vote back as soon as they are released
THW support separatist movements in the EU
THW employ asylum seekers as porters in train stations
TH, which is Brazil, regrets its bid for hosting the 2014 World Cup
THW abolish the separation period (Trennungsfristen) for marriages - (i.e. create quick ends to marriage?)
THW limit the amount for new leases to a maximum of 10% above the local rent index
TH welcomes medical progress that enables women to have children after the menopause
THW legalize prostitution.
THBT immigration from developing countries should be made illegal.
THBT abortions are morally justifiable.
THW not cooperate with international financial institutions.
THBT national states should not support minority cultures to the detriment of the majority culture.
THBT free sharing of copyrighted information should be tolerated.
THBT the LGBT movement should oppose gay bars that ban entrance to straight customers
THBT the government should subsidise private home ownership
THBT in the event of Scotland voting for independence in 2014, the governmental authorities of the North of England should petition the Scottish government for membership of the new Scottish state
THBT the Church of England should not take official stances on social, political and economic issues not directly related to items of doctrine
THBT the Norwegian Nobel Prize commitee should retrospectively remove Barrack Obama's peace prize
THBT new democracies should prevent revolutionary leaders from standing for elected office
THBT increased female participation in violent sports (such as boxing) is good for women
THBT the WTO should allow developing countries to impose tariffs on developed countries
THBT the USA should pay $1 trillion in war reparations to North Korea
THW give the public the power, via referendum, to pardon whistleblowers.
THW legalise assisted suicide for any reason.
THBT politicians have a right to a private life.
THW require corporations which operate in both the developed and developing worlds to apply the same labour rights to both.
TH, as a woman, would sleep her way to the top.
THW invade North Korea.
This House believes that the media, including but not limited to journalists and photographers, have a duty to portray racist public figures in a negative light.
This House, given the technology, would allow medical procedures which endow human beings with superpowers
THW ban video games in which the player engages in brutal and immoral violence in a realistic setting
THW require international development aid budgets to be approved by popular referenda
TH, as the Muslim Brotherhood, would sincerely offer to cease resistance, participate in elections and respect a liberal constitution
THW permit government agencies to conduct automated surveillance without court authorisation
THBT Israel should allow members of the Jewish diaspora to vote in elections
TH applauds the rise of songs by female pop artists that glorify assertive female sexuality. For example: Nothing on, I strut around; I do it big, I shut it down; I wonder if you’ll be able to handle me; Rita Ora – R.I.P
THBT it is in China’s strategic interest to cease all non-humanitarian assistance to North-Korea until it verifiably ends its nuclear programme
THBT Barack Obama should not have granted legal immunity to officials who ordered the use of torture
THW provide welfare in the form of basic goods and services rather than cash payments
THBT men should consistently call out and correct chauvinistic claims by colleagues and co-workers
THBT environmental agencies should start a campaign of sabotage and destruction against major pollution companies
THBT the state should not fund any works of art or performances that the average citizen would not recognize as having artistic merit
THBT African countries should adopt English as the principle language of instruction
TH regrets that Western Media demonised Islamist Terrorists rather than portraying them as criminals with legitimate grievances
THW give more votes to citizens according to their performance on a current affairs test
THS SOPA (Stop Online Piracy Act)
Assuming efficacy, THW prefer an internet of no anonimity.
THBT it is only justifiable to leak classified information when that information details clearly illegal government conduct. 
THW remove the image of Mohammed from the US surpreme court building.
THO the instititution of petitionary prayer.
TH prefers a religion that believes thaat people are inherently good to one that believes they are inherently flawed. 
THW not punish professional sports athletes for off-field behaviour.
As a gay athlete qualified for the Sochi olympics, THW boycott those Olympics.
THBT coaches should be held liable for players which they choose to play with the knowledge that those players were already injured.
THW allow jurors to pose questions to anyone testifying. 
As a juror, this house would in no circumstances consider nullification. 
THBT lawyers should not be involved in jury selection. 
THW prioritize women in international university applications.
TH prefers a society which prioritizes global poverty reduction over domestic poverty initiatives. 
THBT Western governments should renounce democratization of other states as a foreign policy objective. 
THW prefer to experience art knowing nothing of the artist.
TH has received incontrovertible proof that the Mona Lisa is a forgery. THW not reveal that information.
THS the right of an artist to absolute posthumour control of their work. 
THS a federal European state.
THBT a democratic world government is a worthwhile long-term human project.
THS a people's enshrined right to a binding secession referenda. 
THW ban the circumcision of males under the age of 18.
THBT Germany should grant asylum to Edward Snowden.
THBT the jury in all medical malpractice trials should consist solely of medical professionals.
TH supports the creation of a new country, open to all where the only functions of the government are to provide security and to protect property rights.
TH Supports the actions of the Gulabi Gang. (Infoslide: The Gulabi Gang “the Pink gang” are a collection of women in North India that wear pink saris and engage in violent, non-lethal acts of vigilantism. They target men who they have reason to believe have gone unpunished for acts of violence against women.)
TH, upon discovering irrefutable proof that God does NOT exist, would use a fail safe system to destroy the proof and hide it from any human’s knowledge.
THBT the discovery of a means of stopping the aging process would be a bad thing for society. (Clarifying information: For this debate ‘stopping the aging process’ means that bodies would stop aging after the age of 35; it does NOT mean that people would stop dying of things unrelated to the process of aging).
TH, as the Israeli Debating League, would refuse to accept a debating society from Ariel as a member. (Clarifying information: Ariel is an Israeli settlement in the West Bank.)
THBT the world has become better through Facebook
THW impose the Working Time Act on politicians as well
THW relentlessly impose cyberwars on dictatorships
THW create an age limit for public appearances
TH (as debate couple) would encourage its kids to debate competitively
THW reinstitute the Gold Standard
THW, as the CDU, pursue a minority government in the Bundestag
THW ban unpaid internships. 
THW punish bullies through the courts instead of through schools. 
THW ban international marriage agencies. 
THW create power-sharing with the Taliban in exchange for disarmament. 
THW ban any group or program that seeks to change someone's sexual identity. 
THW give harsher sentences to military of police officers who engage in sexual assault. 
THW create a nation for X, where X is defined by OG as a specific demographic. 
THW never, ever ban books. 
THW boycott the Russian Winter Olympics 2014 in Sochi
THBT British national curricula should portray a unanimously and graphically negative account of the impact of British colonialism on its foreign subjects
THBT Rockstar Games should make the lead protagonist of the next instalment of the GTA series female
TH supports aggressive Palestinian protest (such as property destruction) in illegal Israeli settlements
THB President Obama should grant Chelsea Manning a presidential pardon
THW restrict the press from all speculation and reporting on the mental health of criminals and suspected criminals
THB that feminists should adopt the cause of anti-capitalism
Should the Gauls end their resistance to the Romans?
Should we create a common sanctuary/reservation for hipsters, zombies, former FDP politicians and stranded aliens?
Should sex become olympic?
Should the long-term unemployed be reemployed for energy production?
Should Sauron become US president?
THB that teachers of history should deliberately overemphasize the contributions of marginalized groups.
THBT for certain criminal offenses, torture is a just punishment. 
THBT oil exporting Islamic states should enact embargoes against states that pass laws discriminating against Muslims. 
THW require all low wage employees of large corporations to be unionized. 
THS the overthrow of democratically elected, authoritarian heads of state. 
THBT individuals should experiment with mind altering hallucinogenic drugs. 
THBT it would be principally just for a state that is unable to provide a social safety net to allow a greatly impoverished individual to sell themselves into slavery. 
THBT countries should be required to post territory as collateral to receive IMF bailout funds. 
In cases where individuals are convicted of leaking state secrets, THW allow their convictions to be nullified by a national referendum.
THW make EU voting compulsory.
You are a 19 year old boy who just finished his Abitur. As this boy, THW join the Bundeswehr
THW ban private Universities.
THW grant all ethnic Germans a full right of return
THW place pictures of poverty on all luxury goods
THW no longer arrest or prosecute individual members of drug gangs operating in highly violent areas if gang leaders agree to halt all turf wars
THW suspend all regulation regarding environmental protection laws and policies during prolonged periods of economic recession
TH regrets that in the case of SGP vs. The Netherlands the European Court of Human Rights ruled in favour of The Netherlands (forcing the SGP to allow women to take office within the party)
THBT the International Criminal Court should hire private military contractors to arrest individuals who refuse to surrender after an indictment
TH Welcomes the rise of online news media at the expense of traditional journalism
THBT schools should instill unrealistically high expectations in students from lower-socio economic backgrounds
THBT the Israeli LBGT-movement should oppose pink-washing
THBT "I was just following orders" is a legitimate defence in cases of war crimes and crimes against humanity
THW close the military academy
THBT it is better for Egypt to get secular authoritarian leadership than a democratic government
TH, being a single woman, would sleep with their boss if they knew it would lead to a career rise
TH regrets the Portuguese decolonisation
In light of the right to representative democracy, TH defends the fact that independent candidates compete
THW bail out Detroit. 
THS the force feeding of incarcerated hunger strikers. 
THW eliminate adoption preference based on race and ethnicity. 
THBT the government should not promote home ownership. 
THBT US elected officials should not be subject to recall elections. 
THBT individuals displaced by a conflict should have a right to emigrate to any country. 
THBT individuals should not be permitted to represent themselves at trial. 
THBT governments should establish methods to provide unconditional cash transfers to the poor. 
THBT jury trials do more harm than good. 
THW eliminate inheritance. 
THB there are no good wars with the following exceptions: the American Revolution, World War 2 and the Star Wars Trilogy.
TH, deep down, secretly longs for a cold hearted Republican to lower taxes, brutalise criminals and rule you like a king.
THBT it can trust the President of Cuba.
THBT God has no place within these walls - just like facts have no place within organised religion.
TH can't seriously want to ban alcohol. It tastes great, makes women appear more attractive and makes a person virtually invulnerable to alcohol.
THW ban anyone with a criminal record worth 2+ years in prison from running for political office
THBT city-states are a better political unit than nation-states
THW ban conversion therapy to "cure" homosexuality (assuming the therapy has a 10% chance of success)
THBT no further research should be done on the creation of Lethal Autonomous Robots
THBT copyright should expire on the death of the author/artist
THBT the European Union should prioritise unemployment over further austerity measures
TH, as Malala, would kill him
TH supports the reclamation of the word “slut”
THBT it is legitimate to kill civilians to reach military objectives
THW only imprison criminals who pose a continuing threat to society
THW boycott the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics
THB the state should fund free access to museums, art exhibitions and other cultural attractions for social welfare recipients
THBT countries should ensure that their militaries are roughly proportionally representative of the diversity of religion, income & race of their populations and that they should, where necessary, use conscription to achieve this
THBT Rolling Stone should not have portrayed Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in a sympathetic manner
THW make casinos and bookmakers liable for the debt of problem gamblers.
THW Allow prisoners to run for elected office.
This House would force the media to display, promote and report women’s sport equally to men’s sport.
THBT the government should assist physically healthy people in the act of committing suicide.
THBT Western governments should renounce democratization of developing states as a foreign policy objective.
THBT, on balance, the internet has been harmful to journalism. 
THW allow violent offenders to opt in, at a judges discretion, to the Ludovico technique as a substitution for jail time
THW make welfare payments conditional on recipients engaging in full-time community service
THW forcibly remove the children of Roma parents who refuse to integrate
THBT professional football clubs should be forced to field the majority of players from their local community
THBT Syria would be better off if Assad won the civil war
THW replace parliamentary elections with a lottery system
THBT the Spanish Central Government should allow Catalonia a referendum for independence
TH supports the falsification of historical textbooks in order to teach moral outcomes
THW, assuming it was technologically possible, replace all human soldiers on the battlefield with robots
THW create quotas for male workers in female-dominated professions such as teaching and nursing
THBT that the EU should impose sanctions on Hungary if the Jobbik party takes office after the upcoming national election (infoslide provided)
THW support the use of violent protest
THBT the Black rights movement should promote black superiority (infoslide provided)
TH, as the ICC, would never bring cases against incumbent heads of states (infoslide provided)
THW ban all religions from actively seeking to convert non-believers
THBT governments should make children’s vaccinations obligatory
THBT former colonising countries should pay substantial reparations to the countries they colonised
THBT the state should financially incentivise higher-educated citizens to have children before their 25th birthday
THBT members of parliament should be appointed by lottery
THW ban unpaid internships
THW boycott the FIFA World Cup in Qatar
TH, as the Roman Catholic Church, would excommunicate political leaders who fail to advocate nuclear disarmament
THW construct brothels on military bases
THB schools in the USA should teach rap lyrics as part of their core English literature curricula
THW not allow players born outside of the state to play for the national teams of that state
THW remove all sanctions against Iran
Granted that technology exist, THW not use technology to get superpowers
THW use public referendum to decide whether to give amnesty to whistleblowers
THW only subsidise art that is understandable to average voter
THBT its legitimate for women to use sex as a tool for advancing in life
The year is 1389, THW not go to Kosovo
THBT revolution is inevitable
In countries with a state alternative, THW ban private healthcare.
THW replace income tax with a wealth tax.
THW abolish all immigration restrictions other than those required for national security.
THW ban the production and consumption of pornography.
THW make conscription a war crime.
THW ban the slaughter and consumption of non-human animals
THBT party nominees for UK general elections should be selected through open primaries.
THBT the feminist movement should support monogamy.
TH: supports the integration of armed rebel groups into the DRC army.
THBT the entire UK housing stock should be owned by the state.
TH: as Nick Clegg (with the benefit of hindsight) would not have joined a coalition with the Conservatives in 2010.
THW allow those convicted of non-violent, -sexual, -serious crimes to serve sentences in the military, rather than prison
THBT Facebook and other social media should not host images off beheadings and acts of brutal violence on their sites
THW prohibit tourism to countries with a poor record of protecting human rights
TH regrets the existence of "men in power" or "men’s rights" groups
THBT the beauty industry has done more harm than good
THS medical tourism.
THBT conscription should be a war crime. 
THS the actions of the Gulabi gang. 
THW not assign a sex to babies born with ambiguous genitalia. 
THW abolist Canadian content requirements. 
In states with persistent ethnic conflict, THB governments should censor works of historical fiction that portray oppressed minority groups in a negative way. 
THB the state should stop incentivizing monogamous relationships. 
In 1947, Otto Frank subimtted his daughter's diary for publication. Particularly personal passages wherein Anne discussed her emerging sexuality were removed from the original manuscript. The diary was later published in its complete form. THW not have published Anne Frank's unabridged diary. 
THBT same sex couples should be allowed to adopt children
THW ban smoking
THW resolve the Syrian refugee crisis
THB in the market economy
THW remove unemployment benefits
THB in international military intervention in foreign countries
THB in the student protests
THW provide free heroin for heroin addicts
THW allow legislatures to override constitutional bills of rights.
THBT the Palestininan authority should concede.
THS austerity.
THW pay developing countries to not exploit natural resources in environmentally sensitive regions. 
THBT Greece should ban the Golden Dawn
THBT colonial powers should pay reparations for colonialism.
THBT in criminal court cases the jury should be comprised of individuals from the same racial and socio-economic background as the defendant
THW give the public the power to pardon whistleblowers through a referendum
THBT that the International Criminal Court should not issue indictments against individuals involved in ongoing conflicts
THW not allow individuals to opt into a one-way mission to Mars with the Mars One Project.
THBT energy security is a legitimate reason for military action
THW hold parents criminally liable for the repeat offences of their children
THW pay drug addicts to be permanently sterilised
TH regrets the creation of a moral and legal distinction between the use of chemical weapons and conventional weapons
THW Legalise licensed brothels
THW, as the EU, suspend the membership of any nation that elects extremist parties
THW ban all resit exams
The Russian state systematically oppresses its LGBTQI+ community: Homosexual couples can be prosecuted for displaying their sexuality and the police often refuse to prevent violence towards LGBTQI+ people. Motion: TH, as a heterosexual winter Olympian, would not attend the Sochi Winter Olympics
THBT the police should have unrestricted access to the personal online data of everybody, including email, web history and private content on social media
THBT parents should not tell their adopted children that they are adopted
THBT every student living in the EU should spend one year studying in the country other than the one he or she is born or is a national of.
THW show only movies that pass the bechdel test (with info)
THBT animal suffering should not be an obstacle for satisfying societal needs.
THW ban political parties that use ethnicity as basis for their political agenda
THW legalize all drugs. 
THBT it is an acceptably policy for the U.S. to spy on leaders of allied states. 
THBT the LGBT movement should oppose gay bars that ban entrance to straight customers. 
THBT the world should focus on adapting to the effects of climate change instead of trying to avert it. 
TH regrets the creation of the Eurozone. 
THW prevent people from signing up for a one-way mission to Mars. 
THW ban cosmetic surgery designed to alter one's racial appearance. 
THBT the state should aggressively discourage university attendance and promote college. 
THBT a person of super genius intelligence should transform themselves into someone of average intelligence. 
THW not publicly fund universities
THBT individuals with bad personal lifestyles (that influence their health) should pay more for their health insurance
In the European Union, asylum seekers can only apply for asylum in the country they first enter. They cannot reapply nor be reallocated to another EU country. Motion: THBT the EU should divide up asylum seekers amongst its member states proportional to member states' GDP per cap
THBT women activists in Saudi Arabia should not drive cars in their protest against the ban
THBT individuals should pass a parenting test before having children
TH supports the US continuing its surveillance practices on global political leaders
THBT feminists should oppose restrictions on the wearing of the burkha and the hijab
THW remove all non-military sanctions on Iran
TH regrets the portrayal of the developing world in the fundraising campaigns of charitable organisations
THBT state schools should instil in children the belief that anyone can succeed through hard work, regardless of their background
THBT artists from dominant cultural majorities should not seek to portray minority cultures
You are a government employee who has found evidence that your state is carrying out actions you personally believe to be gravely immoral. You have no cause to believe these actions are illegal. Motion: THW leak the evidence directly to the press
THW abolish private property
THBT The US should end the War on Terror
THW provide mobile teachers for the compulsory education of children in travelling communities (e.g. Roma and Irish travellers)
THBT developing countries should collectivelly agree to radically redistributive tax policies. 
THW ban the gender testing of athletes in sports. 
THW require major polluters to open their borders to environmental refugees. 
THBT national war memorials should commemorate the casualties on all sides of the conflict. 
THBT political parties should adopt non-hierarchical organisational structures. 
THBT liberal democracies should cut all  economic and military ties with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
THBT when courts sentence offenders, they should give considerable weight to the views of the victims. 
THW, as a liberal democracy, restrict coverage of small-scale terrorist attacks. 
THBT identity-based social movements should not include in their movements allies who are not part of the identity group in question. 
THBT the US should dissolve its military capabilities. 
THW give primates and cetaceans the same rights to life, freedom from physical harm and freedom of movement as humans. 
THBT developed countries should set maximum rents for residential properties in large urban centres. 
THBT despite the expressed wishes of the Pakistani government, the United States should continue to target the leaders of Tehrik-i-Talibani (Pakistani Taliban). 
THW break up banks like Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase and HSBC, that are deemed "too big to fail". 
THW ban religious charities from engaging in proselytisation. 
THW prevent those who deny climate change from seeking political office. 
THBT it should be the policy of the US to conduct all of its military interventions unilaterally. 
THBT the Republican and Democratic parties should select congressional, senate and presidential candidates through a vote by the party leadership rather than through primaries. 
Instead of creating a Jewish state in the British Mandate of Palestine, with the benefit of hindsight THW have created a Jewish state in Germany. 
THBT it is in the West's interests for Assad to decisively win the Syrian civil war. 
THBT the (same-sex couples) Marriage Bill 2013 should remove the right of religious institutions to refuse to perform same-sex marriages
THBT past colonial empires should pay reparations to their former colonies who are still classed as developing
THBT feminist political activists should form a separate political party based on feminist ideology, rather than joining existing parties
THW Pay Additional Benefits to Families on Welfare Whose Children are Excelling in School
THBT America should refuse to engage with any attempts to end cyber warfare
TH, as Sherlock Holmes, Would accept the henchman’s offer.
THW ban all polls (predicting election results)
TH rejects any policy that punishes families for having more than one child
THW subsidise sex workers visits for severely handicapped persons
THW always execute those sentenced to death publicly
As a homosexual person in a very homophobic country, THW emigrate
THBT too many high school graduates study (go on to university)
THW implement a lower rate of income tax for women. 
THW make it a criminal offence to materially and substnatially enable the substance abuse problems of an addict. 
THBT Canada should have boycotted the Commonwealth meeting in Sri Lanka. 
THO prenatal testing for mental disabilities. 
THBT Walmart is good for America. 
THW enact good Samaritan laws. 
THBT the ICC should not have pursued any charges related to the 2006 post-election violence in Kenya. 
TH regrets the fat pride movement. 
THW make purchasing sexual services punishable by law. Info: Adults over 18 are allowed to prostitute themselves, get social security and sue for compensations. Bans can be imposed against prostitution in specific areas or at specific times. Pimping is not illegal as long as the work environment offered is suitable and the prostitute is not exploited
THBT religion is redundant.
THW return artworks stolen or expropriated by the Nazis, without regard to property rights, laws and statutes of limitation that might block such a return (info and here)
THW go on a treasure hunt
THW ban temp agency contracting (Leiharbeit, Arbeitnehmerüberlassung, Zeitarbeit, Mitarbeiterüberlassung oder Personalleasing)
THW spread asylum seekers over EU countries on the basis of their relative population sizes
THW abolish the federalist system in Germany
THW remove all restrictions on euthanasia (such as “hopeless and unbearable” suffering)
THW abolish the right to remain silent (verschoningsrecht) for clergy
THW impose strong political and economic sanctions on tax havens
TH, as parents, would raise its children non-gendered
THW, as the US, continue to gather information about non-citizens on a large scale
THW not admit immigrants who actively (strongly?) oppose the norms of the host society
THW replace all income taxes with consumption taxes that become proportionally higher as the purchased goods become less essential
TH would create a substantial salary for those who take on caretaker roles for family, friends or neighbours (DK vervangt het mantelzorgcompliment door een substantieel salaris)
THW ban the advertising of financial products that entail an obligation of consumer debt
THBT domestically, Margaret Thatcher’s premiership did more harm than good
THW allow pro-immigration charities to sue politicians and media outlets that defame ’immigrants’
THW tax earnings over £1million by 75% but allow individuals to decide how the government spends the additional revenue generated by this income
TH welcomes the decline of US-led humanitarian interventions without international consensus
THBT all main political parties should implement a cross party political scheme to use all-women shortlists to get more women into parliament until gender parity is reached
Should private kindergartens and schools be abolished?
Should participants in the Olympics be allowed to publicly express their political opinions?
Should the morning after pill be available without doctor’s recipe?
Should Edward Snowden get asylum in Germany?
THBT it is legitimate for environmental campaign groups to use ecoterrorism to achieve their goals
TH regrets the annual commemoration of past wars
THW implement total surveillance
THBT artists, entertainers, and musicians should not comment on politics outside of their artistic creations
THBT Western liberal democracies have a duty to militarily intervene in conflicts where large scale human rights abuses are occurring
THW fabricate and publicise evidence that high ranking religious figures that claim homosexuality to be a sin engage in homosexual acts
THBT foreign visitors to Islamic countries should dress and act according to local sensibilities in public even if not obliged to by law
THW never allow prisons to force-feed detainees on hunger strike
TH supports targeted advertising based on gender
THBT suicide bombing is a legitimate tactic of warfare
THBT once artists earn enough to constitute a comfortable wage, they have a duty to make their work freely available
THBT Libya should repeal its ban on senior members of the Gaddaffi Regime (military and civil) from holding positions in government
THW force violent offenders to undergo the Ludovico technique
THBT developing countries should use policies such as permits to restrict rural to urban migration
THW allow Pro-Life organisations to pay women currently considering having an abortion to carry the pregnancy to term
TH supports the actions of Anonymous and other such vigilante groups
Assuming you would not be found out, in the event of a terrorist attack on US soil, committed by Islamist extremists THW fabricate evidence that attack was committed by dominant ethnic and socio-economic group, e.g. white Anglo-Saxons
THW impose a tax on men to reduce the gender pay gap
THBT EU nations should stop cooperating with the USA on intelligence matters
THW not watch pornography
THW pay reparations to European Roma
THBT all corporations should become cooperatives owned and operated by the workers
THB the dead are the property of the state
THW not tax "bitcoin" transactions
THW apply universal jurisdiction to crimes against the environment
THB that the recent Geneva agreement with Iran will fail
THBT our legal system should neither regulate nor judge behaviour that takes place solely in virtual online worlds like “Second Life” and leave the making of rules to their manufacturers
THBT China should prioritise social justice over economic growth
THW allow businesses to pay employees who agree not to have children more in wages
THW allow sodomie (intercourse with animals)
A ship sinks at the high seas. Three sailors and the cabin boy survive in a lifeboat. There is no land in sight and the men are exhausted. To stay alive, the sailors kill and eat the cabin boy against his will. Days later, the lifeboat is found and brought to land. The sailors survived thanks to the reinforcement brought by eating the cabin boy. The authorities hear of the tale and the sailors are brought before a court where a jury will give a verdict. Motion: TH, as the jury, would vote against a conviction
THW, assuming it were feasible to enforce, support a global inheritance tax of 100% on all cash and assets beyond the first €5000 (and substantial taxes on high-value gifts during one's lifetime)
THBT the citizens of countries under military occupation of a western liberal democracy should be granted the right to vote in the elections of that occupying state!
THW give men more paid parental leave than women and force them to take it
THW allow people (including companies) to give the police money in exchange for new or increased efforts in a specified area of legitimate law enforcement
THW place a sin tax to low-brow entertainment in order to subsidize high-brow art
THW appoint a group of relevant charities (e.g. Environmental charities) to cast votes in general elections on behalf of future citizens
You are a dutch person. THBT you should campaign against Zwarte Piet and should routinely condemn it as a racist institution
THW not allow governments to electronically intercept communications without a warrant
THW prevent the media from publishing any personal details (such as race or social class) of criminals and suspects
TH, as the USA, would destroy its stockpile of smallpox
In proportion to under 30s population, THW reserve seats in parliament for 18-30 year olds
THW, as David Icke, dedicate the rest of its life to exposing the lizard people. (Info)
THBT western liberal democracies should use any effective means at their disposal to uphold the human rights of women
THW allow individuals to sell their non-vital organs
THW legalise online child chat simulations
THW apply the same standards to the sale of mass surveillance technology as it does to the sale of arms
THS affirmative action policies targeted at women in business
THBT Miley Cyrus is bad for feminism
THW convicted criminals the options to choose corporal punishments over imprisonment
You are a young, liberal, Turkish man in Turkey. Motion: THBT the ban on Islamic veils in public buildings should be abolished
It is Christmas. In otherwise pristine snow, the trackmarks of Santa Claus’ sleigh are visible. A policeman is walking around the field to savour the Christmas spirit and suddenly discovers a small booklet. It is Santa Claus’ list with no less than a complete list of all transgressions of everyone on the planet. The policeman immediately recognises the potential power of such a list. In the back of the booklet is Santa Claus’ address. Motion: THW destroy the list.
THW introduce a 30-hour work week
THW set one common minimum wage
THW ban circumcision of minors
THW ban pornography and would make it taboo (verb tabuisieren)
THW only allow European firms to sell weapons in the EU
THW create a film rating for movies that do not pass the Bechdel-Test
THW introduce a sin tax on all meat products
THBT governments should not provide rebuilding funds to citizens above the poverty line in known natural disaster areas
THW establish an easily performed procedure for individuals to delete the entirety of their internet and social media footprint
TH supports the Ukrainian government’s decision to make a trade deal with Russia rather than seek integration with the EU
THW return all ill-gotten artworks and valuable historical artefacts to the communities of their origin
THW not give jail time to criminals who do not pose an ongoing violent threat to society
THBT violent protest is a legitimate strategy in democratic societies
TH support unlimited human body enhancement in all areas of life
THW classify all organized crime as terrorist organizations
THBT the education system should promote expectations according to the students’ realistic potential, ability and social status
This house would hire police personnel in proportion to society’s demography
THW, as a western liberal democracy, legalize paid surrogacy
This house, as China, would legalize gay marriage
THBT children should be banned from attending religious services. 
THBT the use of chemical weapons in a defensive capacity against enemy combatants should not be a war crime. 
THW criminalize the possession and use of Bitcoins. 
THW make government assistance to historically marginalized cultural groups contingent on policies to combat traditional gender inequality. 
THBT all universities should create separate career tracks for teaching and research. 
THBT the NFL should issue automatic lifetime bans to players convicted of domestic violence or sexual assault. 
THW require the state to compensate individuals who face criminal prosecution but are not found guilty. 
THBT Germany should renew the ban on the publication of Mein Kampf. 
THBT the LGBT movement should not take a position on whether sexual preferences are a choice. 
THW Allow athletes to compete in the gender category they self identify with
THBT Hamid Karzai should sign the Bilateral Security Agreement
This house would allow the Roma to settle in autonomous communities
This house believes that developing countries should ban the entry of foreign supermarkets chains [added by me] into their markets
Given that a trade off is required, THBT history education in post-conflict societies should focus on cohesion at the cost of truth
TH supports FEMEN
THBT Facebook, Google+,and other social media platforms should remove all content produced by extremist political parties.
TH welcomes the presence of gender-neutral schools (+Infoslide)
THBT is in China’s interest to shoot down foreign military aircrafts that violate the ADIZ (+Info slide).
Assuming that the death penalty is in use, THW make all executions public.
THBT Schools should raise the expectations of children beyond what they can realistically achieve.
THBT the EU should materially support anti-Russian political movements in Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union
TH supports armed vigilante groups in high crime areas.
THW ban the fur industry
TH as Ukraine would join Russia led economic bloc rather than the EU free trade account
THW in the countries that have laws prohibiting discriminatory and hateful language against various groups based on certain characteristics they have, grant overweight people the same protection like other vulnerable groups
THW require police to wear miniature video cameras at all times whilst on duty
THBT decisions to allocate funding to scientific research programs should be taken solely by a group of professional scientists
TH, as a Russian woman, would rather live in the Soviet Union
THBT Western Liberal Democracies should boycott the Russian Winter Olympics 2014 in Sochi
THW eject national sports teams from international competitions if their fans or players are found to have committed racist or fascist acts during matches
THBT in developed countries the minimum wage should guarantee a middle class lifestyle
THW stop all research into differences between the male and female brain
THBT Pope Francis should openly endorse radical left political parties and candidates
THW only hold gay pride parades with the consent of the local community
THW immediately lift all sanctions on Iran
THW legalise euthanasia
THW provide financial incentives to individuals leading a vegetarian lifestyle
THBT FIFA should reallocate the 2022 World Cup from Qatar to a country with a superior human rights record
THBT major Hollywood studios should increase the number of lead roles for female villains substantially in their blockbuster films
THBT the media should fabricate and publish positive economic stories during prolonged periods of economic recession
THW aggressively fund art in public places, which depicts struggles on which there is no consensus and of which there are continuing consequences
THW cut off development aid to countries which willfully neglect to combat terrorism within their own borders
THW freeze membership of sporting federations of nations that boycott sporting competitions (events, matches, tournaments etc.) for political reasons.
THW end the prosecution of Troubles-related killings in Northern Ireland
TH, as the United States, does not regret the dropping of the atomic bomb.
This House would legalize the use of baby-boxes all around the EU
THBT a world in which there is no more sexual instinct and reproduction is only in vitro and through similar technologies is a better world
This House would grant immediate EU admission to regions like Scotland or Catalonia who choose to declare independence from countries that are already in the EU
THW eliminate any legal or ethical limitations from the field of genetic research on improving the human body.
THBT Romania should strengthen its relationship with China, even if that impacts its relationship with the EU
THBT Times Magazine should have chosen Miley Cyrus to be person of the year
TH, as the US, would abandon the Israeli-Palestinian Cause
THW wage war using only games fought via computers
THBT governments should not regulate the use of any new currency
In memory of Nelson Mandela: The year is 1985, THS Paul Simon in breaking the cultural boycott of Apartheid South Africa (for the making of the future Graceland album in collaboration with black musicians)
THBT Pope Francis as the head of the Catholic Church will end up causing more harm than good
THW forcibly relocate indigenous peoples where their presence prevents the extraction/utilization of valuable resources
TH supports private ownership of 3D printers
TH regrets the branding of Burka Avenger as a feminist icon
TH, as Pope Francis, would allow women to become priests
THB, in times of economic crisis, economic bodies should (strategically) withhold information that may damage market confidence
TH welcomes the rise of art, music and film that celebrates lack of economic wealth
THBT foster children should be placed into families with similar backgrounds (race, religion, etc)
THBT politicians should not have public profiles on twitter and other social networking sites
You are an immigrant (asylum seeker?) from a non-Western country. You are offered full and immediate citizenship of the EU and the US. The offers are the only two that you have and are mutually exclusive. You do not know where you will live in either union. Your native and only language is spoken in neither. Motion: THW opt for the EU
TH supports soldier-run free schools
THBT the US should overturn its blanket ban on negotiating with terrorists
As an atheist, THW proselytise
THW stop streaming children in secondary schools based on intelligence
THW make parents legally responsible for their children's crimes
This house believes that governments should never pay ransoms
THW ban all media (such as music, films and videogames) which glorify misogyny
Do we need a third vote (Die Drittstimme)
Should natural disasters and extreme weather in the future be named after politicians that are against combatting climate change?
Should the state treat all religions equally?
Should Germany boycott the Sochi Olympics?
THBT foreign Western governments should stop attempting to resolve the Israel-Palestine conflict.
THBT First Ladies/Gentlemen should not publicly advocate for policies or political positions during their partner's term in office
THBT schools should avoid instilling a sense of patriotism
THW allow jury nullification
THW charge George W. Bush with war crimes for the CIA's actions in his terms
THBT policy pertaining to religion in the public sphere in Israel should be set on a local level
THW ban international adoption
THW organise Alternative Olympics to the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics in order to protest anti-LGBT laws in Russia
THBT Pope Francis I should openly endorse radical left political parties and candidates
THW ban re-election of politicians that did not fulfil their promises
THW financially compensate children who fail to achieve employable grades at school
THW establish quotas for immigrants on national sports teams
THB the European Union should lower the entry requirements and fast-track accession procedures for the Ukraine and other nations in the Caucasus
THB the USA should withdraw from its defensive pact with Japan in the East China Sea
THBT lack of Intent should not be considered a legitimate defence in hate speech trials
THBT governments should take public steps to disrupt and discredit the use of cryptocurrencies (e.g. Bitcoin)
THBT South Africans should engage in a frank and critical discussion of the life achievements and legacy of Nelson Mandela, rather than continue to uncritically revere him
THW include children with special needs into regular school classes
TH, as a former communist state, would remove the monuments of the former regime
THBT holding the Olympics is not worth it for the host country
THBT sanctions are a good way of implementing democracy
THW not undress (with an info slide)
In today’s world, THW choose a craft rather than the university education
THW not read fairy tales to children
THBT the United States of America should fund moderate Madrassas (schools of Islamic study) throughout the Islamic world
THW allow first-time offenders to, with the consent of the victims, pay compensation to them in place of a prison sentence
TH regrets the rise of a 'hookup culture' (one which accepts and encourages casual sexual encounters focused on physical pleasure, without necessarily including emotional bonding)
THBT developing countries should ban members of political dynasties from standing for elected office
THBT the Trans-Pacific Partnership is in the interests of the small and medium-sized negotiating countries.
THW make the receipt of welfare payments to raise children conditional on the use of long-term, but reversible, contraception
THBT government agencies that regulate drugs should only test whether a drug is safe, not whether it is effective, before approving it for public use.
THBT NATO should unconditionally offer membership to the states of the former Soviet Union, excluding Russia
TH regrets the commodification of indigenous cultures
THBT the gay rights movement should abandon the claim that sexuality is not a choice
THBT multinational companies should be liable for human rights abuses that occur anywhere in their supply chain
THW remove all copyright protection for material deemed to be morally objectionable
THBT Pope Francis should publicly encourage Catholics to support radically redistributive government policies
THW allow countries to pay other countries to settle asylum-seekers who reach their borders
THW abolish gated communities in the developing world
THBT Japan should shame its soldiers who participated in WWII, including those who did not commit war crimes themselves
THW auction off the long-term right to govern bankrupt cities for profit
THBT women should reject practices that alter the appearance of their genitalia, such as waxing and labiaplasty
THBT India should adopt aggressive free market policies.
THR the commercialization of religious holidays.
THBT universities should ban all fraternities and sororities.
TH, as the Mexican government, would end its war against the drug cartels.
THR the use of feminism as an advertising tactic.
THW ban all youth wings of political parties in developing countries.
THBT protesters should not use memorials as sites for protest. 
THS a lower income tax for women than men.
THP Facebook's policy of only removing content that users report as objectionable to a policy where Facebook itself independently determines restrictions on content.
THBT all information marked as classified by governments should become available to the public within 50 years.
THW allow communities to vote to suspend police supervision.
THW make graduates of state universities, who become stay-at-home “parents” (Hausfrauen oder Hausmänner), retrospectively pay their study fees (normally free).
THW offer immigrants who cannot claim welfare benefits in Germany a loan for “livelihood/existence costs” that they would have to repay after five years
THBT parents should monitor the electronic communications of their children, for example by installing spyware, requiring their children to give them their passwords, or reading browser histories
THW provide strong financial support to families who decide to bring a foetus with Down syndrom to term and raise it by themselves
THBT attacks on military targets, in which many civilian victims can be expected, are legitimate
THW allow people to insure themselves against fines
TH, as an athlete with sight on a medal at the Olympic Games in Sotchi, would publicly promote LGBT rights during the Games
THW require that government ministers be highly qualified and experienced experts in their policy areas
THBT the EU should lift its ban on exporting sedatives used in lethal injections to the USA
THBT the Conservative Party should form an electoral pact with the UK Independence Party for the 2015 general election
THBT hacking is a legitimate form of protest against large corporations
THBT all states should adopt the Flemish system of university admissions
THBT the British education system should aim to give students from all backgrounds a high level of familiarity with the cultural knowledge prized by white, upper and middle class elites
TH condemns the actions of Edward Snowden
THW remove all restrictions on freedom of speech
If the tech to do so were available, THW allow disabled parents to ensure their children are born with their disabilities
TH, as the Pope and the Vatican council, would liquidate all the Vatican's assets and distribute them to charity
THW create a scheme to aggressively encourage university graduates to marry and reproduce
TH regrets the 'fat pride' movement
THW stop state funding of the arts
THW "Live as if you were to die tomorrow"
THW use force to make peace
THBT the bare necessities are enough
THBT we should fear Google
THBT privacy is an illusion
THW not have children
THBT anything good in life is either illegal, immoral or fattening
THW always choose style over substance
THBT bad government comes from too much government
THBT men have become the tools of their tools
THBT science will save us
THW emigrate
THW tell the whole truth
THBT work is overrated
THB in free speech
THBT parents are corrupted by children
THBT imagination is better than knowledge
THBT whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority it is time to pause and reflect
THBT feminists should condemn the practice of monogamy
THBT resource-rich developing nations should severely restrict the extraction and sale of natural resources
THBT Japanese leaders are legitimate in visiting the Yasukuni Shrine
THB the NAACP should not seek a post-racial society
THB the Irish state should pay reparations to all female citizens who lived during the period in which Magdalene Laundries were operational
THW teach children to question authority, even if it undermines discipline in the classroom
TH rejects the legitimacy of the state
We should be able to fire (Rabobank) Board members that were responsible for fraud, without a severance bonus.
Bitcoins should become the official currency in the Netherlands
Health insurances should be allowed to refuse medicines on the basis of their costs
The availability/sales of pyrotechnics/fireworks should be limited (This article and this one give appropriate background info)
Assad should win
Dutch athletes should boycott the Sochi Winter Olympics
People in Groningen should stop complaining (probably referring to gas drilling in the province)
THW create drug provison centres to provide all adults with unlimited quantities of free heroin and cocaine, exclusively for on site consumption.
In a world in which the Z-gene exists, THW require that mutants be constantly monitored by the state from birth.
THBT the Labour Party should end its affiliation with trade unions.
THBT schools should attempt to indoctrinate school children with the belief that they are personally culpable for death, poverty and abject misery in the developing world.
THBT the Syrian National Coalition and the Free Syrian Army should offer to end the Syrian Civil War and share power in a short term transitional government led by Bashar al-Assad
THBT comedians who cross the line of public offence do more harm than good
THW make voting power depreciate with age. 
THBT signatories to the Kyoto protocol should institute economic sanctions against nations that refuse to sign
THBT art depicting historical atrocities should depict them in their full brutality.
THW ban advertising that objectifies women. 
THW require those claiming Job Seekers' Allowance to undertake community service
TH supports public funding of blasphemous art
THW abolish academic journals and make all academic research freely available to the public online
TH supports the formation of vigilante groups in high crime areas of Mexico
THBT Barack Obama should issue an executive order suspending all state bans on gay marriage
TH, as a wealthy individual, rather than paying the full rate of tax, would avoid taxation in order to donate to charity, according to his/her own moral preferences
THW allow companies to pay higher wages to employees who agree not to have children during their term of employment.
THW only give out scholarships on the basis of academic potential.
THB the West should make use of its imperialist power.
THW ban such a machine.
THW allow employees to sign a contract to give up their right to have children in exchange for a higher salary
THBT developing nations should no longer sell land to foreign companies
THW make the weight of votes proportional to a person’s expected remain lifespan
TH supports the use of violent protest to topple oppressive regimes
THW restrict CEOs from annually earning more than 12 times the salary of his or her lowest-paid employee
TH, as the Catholic Church, would vote in the Pope through a referendum amongst all Church-going Catholics when electing a new Pope, rather than amongst Cardinals
THBT the State should pay to each and every citizen 15,000 pounds per year unconditionally
THBT schools should prioritise the teaching of modern literature over classical literature.
THBT the west should give substantial extra non-conditional aid packages to countries that have large illegal narcotics exports.
TH, as Edward Snowden, regrets publishing the NSA files.
THBT celebrities should be banned from making political statements.
TH, as a scientist who has developed a compound which when ingested causes a person to become bisexual, would infect the global water supply with the compound.
THW Prevent men from running for elected office for a period of two terms.
THW Ban any and all participation in faith healing.
THW Allow and enforce prenuptial agreements that punish infidelity.
TH, as the Conservative party, would condemn the portrayal of Romanians and Bulgarians in the tabloids
This House Believes that NATO Should Launch a Retaliatory Nuclear Strike.
THW directly elect public representatives by random lottery
THW remove all restrictions on sexual activities between mutually consenting adults
THW abolish trial by jury in criminal cases
THBT former colonial powers should not be involved in peacekeeping and nation-building in their former colonies
THW choose to believe in a god or gods
THBT when awarding artistic achievement, all aspects of the artist's personal lives should be ignored
THBT the use of violence to advance the cause of disenfranchised sexual minorities and women in Russia is legitimate
THW ban religious and ethnic parties from running for election in developing democracies
TH regrets the commercialization and mainstream popularization of grafitti.
THBT NATO should maintain a standing army to which all members must commit a minimum number of troops.
The “court of public opinion” refers to situations in which individuals are accused of wrongdoing, defended, and informally tried within public discourse rather than a court of law, and are subsequently treated differently based on society’s verdict(s). For example, Woody Allen is currently being tried within the court of public opinion. TH prefers a society with an active court of public opinion to one without.
THW ban employers from creating contracts which prohibit employees from expressing their political views publicly.
THBT it is in the interest of minority rights groups (e.g. LGBTQ, women, racial minorities) to join forces in common protest rather than separately advocate for the individual interests.
Through NSA spy networks, this House - being the US gov't - has determined that the largest of several Ukrainian opposition groups (USAR) is imminently launching a violent coup against the Ukrainian government. THW warn the Ukrainian government.
THW allow adoption agencies to guarantee to biological parents that their child will not be adopted by a same-sex couple
THW allow euthanasia for patients suffering from dementia (and therefore legally incapable) who have signed an advance directive (request for euthanasia) Info
THW provide all citizens a basic income at the poverty line without setting any requirements
THW require all schools that teach religion to discuss militant atheism at an equal footing with all major religions.
THW make the exploitation of brothels a state monopoly
THW split Belgium into separate parts
THW choose its Prime Minister through direct elections
THW liberate slaves in Mauritania with a military intervention
THW take Dutch citizenship away from any criminal with a double nationality and would extradite these criminals to the other country they hold citizenship of
THW commemorate the First World War
THW condemn the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel
THBT the Constitution of Ireland has served the country well
THW introduce Mandatory Organ Donation
THBT Governments should not assist in the rebuilding of disaster prone areas
TH regrets the existence of critic or professionally determined film awards, including the Academy Awards, Palme D'Or, and Sight and Sound's Top 10
THBT it is the West's interest for long term Brent Crude Oil prices to fall below US$60 per barrel. Info
THBT the LGBT movement should abandon the claim that sexuality is not a choice
THB European Football leagues should aggressively redistribute income from successful to less successful domestic clubs
THBT the states of the Western Balkans should ban positive depictions of indicted or convicted war criminals
THW financially incentivise interracial and interfaith marriage
THW criminalise its citizens from fighting in foreign conflicts
THB that majority liberal supreme courts should actively misapply constitutions in order to advance progressive rights
TH regrets Jiyas use of the Burka (info video)
THBT the LGBT movement should stop using the concept of “gay pride”
THBT the international community has a duty to protect human rights, if necessary by military means, even in violation of the principle of national sovereignty
TH applauds the social pressure on teenage girls to initiate promiscuous sexual activity;
THW create a small network of public schools accessible only to students with outstanding academic backgrounds
When father of a fetus favours abortion and this is not carried out, THW allow him to excuse himself from any responsibility for the child;
THW reduce VAT tax on goods and services provided for by small businesses in order to combat the black (parallel) economy
THB in the primacy of serving others as opposed to seeking one’s own happiness
THBT young Portuguese should recognize the existence of a generational struggle (with divergent and conflicting interests between generations) and prepare to win
THBT the governments of developing nations should actively encourage slum tourism
TH, as a critic, would advise the public not to consume works of music, film and art produced by artists that you deem morally reprehensible, regardless of the artistic merit of their work
There have been successful experiments with citizens actively involved in the rehabilitation process of ex-convicts by, for example, hosting them in their house, or building supportive relationships with them. In these programmes, the state ensured adequate financial and professional assistance. The participation in these programmes by citizens and ex-convicts has always been voluntary. Motion: THW randomly select citizens to actively assist in the rehabilitation process of ex-convicts, and make participation mandatory for those citizens
THBT the state should make funding for political parties proportionate to the number of members from low-income brackets in those parties
THW nationalise prostitution
Some awards in literature, theater, film, sports, etc. are granted only to people from specific minorities (NAACP awards) Motion: TH as a nominee of such an award would not accept it.
Some academic and cultural institutions have a practice of awarding prizes that recognise the achievements of members of minority groups. For example, “Muslim Student Achievement Award” or “African American Writer of the Year”. Motion:THB it is legitimate for states to deny residence or asylum to immigrants who openly contradict their predominant values
THBT the Catholic church should make absolution for those who have committed a crime conditional upon them handing themselves into the police.
THBT US media should not report any details about school shootings beyond the fact that they happened
THBT all international peacekeeping operations in Africa should be carried out solely by African troops.
Info slide - Menstrual activism is a movement which seeks to examine social attitudes towards menstruation through artistic performances such as wearing menstrual blood. Motion: TH supports menstrual activism.
THW ban holocaust denial
THW support a strict disciplinarian education system, as long as it makes students perform better
TH regrets the use of nationalism by colonial liberation movements (e.g. the Indian National Congress, Sinn Fein).
TH supports the creation of women only economic zones in Saudi Arabia
THB African-American civil rights organisations should condemn capitalism
The technology exists to allow people to selectively erase their memories without any physical side effects. Motion: THW allow individuals to selectively erase their own memories
THW prohibit religious organizations from speaking out against homosexuality
THBT states should take active measures to limit the spread of American pop culture
THBT it is in Russia's interest to annex the Crimea
THBT the Black Rights Movement should oppose the appropriation of the Confederate flag by black public figures. (Info slide: Kanye West recently released a clothing line which featured the Confederate flag. The Confederate flag was the flag used by the pro-slavery southern US states in the American Civil War. The American Civil War was a conflict over the use of black slaves. The flag is still used by various groups, including white supremacists in the US.)
THBT developing countries should support commercial surrogacy (Info slide: Surrogacy is an arrangement in which a woman carries a child for another person or couple)
TH opposes the sympathetic and humanizing portrayal of Nazi soldiers in popular media
THW suspend elections in countries with very high levels of government debt
THBT the Irish Political System has served the People well
THW not allow religious proselytization in the developing world.
TH, as the US, would grant amnesty to Edward Snowden.
THW not allow athletes who commit violent crimes to return to their sport upon the ending of their sentence.
TH opposes embedded journalists in the military.
TH supports the rise of sexually assertive female pop stars.
THS the public outing of gay public figures.
TH, with hindsight, support the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
THW compel doctors to report suspected cases of domestic abuse to the police
THBT football associations should require clubs to be majority owned by their fans
THW legalise entrapment
THBT the EU should give automatic membership to states that have seceded from current member states
THW not afford religious identity the same level of anti-discrimination protection as inborn traits (such as race, gender and sexuality)
THBT that the UN Security Council should sanction companies that buy 'booty futures' from rebel movements
TH supports the rise of online communities that aggressively police ideological purity within the feminist movement
THBT feminists should endorse conscripting women in the Finnish army rather than abolishing conscription
TH as Russia supports partitioning Ukraine
THW ban male circumcision
It is 5 July 1914. THW, as the German Reich, issue the Austrian-Hungarian empire a “blank check” on how to deal with the conflict with Serbia
It is the end of the year 1862. THW, as Abraham Lincoln, give up on the demand to abolish slavery, provided it would help end the Civil War
It is February of the year 44 before Christ. THW, as Brutus, join the conspiracy group of Cassius that aims to murder Caesar
It is the beginning of 1961. THW, as the USA, seek a mutual neutrality pact with Cuba.
It is the fall of 1923. THW, as the Western allied forced, let Germany repay ful reparations.
It is 1990 shortly before German reunification. THW, as the Bundesrepublik Deutschland, select the DDR anthem “Auferstanden aus Ruinen” (Risen from Ruins) as the new national anthem for a reunited Germany
THW ban the screening and production of films depicting current or recent conflicts
TH supports the Iraqi Government’s policy of paying citizens rewards to kill jihadist insurgents
TH regrets the rise and dominance of social media (such as Facebook and Twitter) in Western Liberal Democracies.
THBT developing countries should establish Charter Cities
THBT the ICC should hire mercenaries to capture indicted individuals and put them on trial at The Hague
THBT convicted criminals should be allowed to raise their children in prison
THW legalise simulated child pornography
THW, when casting minority characters (e.g. racial minorities, LGBTs, people with disabilities etc.) would only cast actors from that same minority
TH, when testing life-extending treatments for terminally ill patients, would not use control groups
THBT Pakistan should not engage in peace talks with the Taliban
You are a scientist working at CERN. Working alone one night, you make an accidental breakthrough in your research that will allow humanity to travel through time. You are alone in the lab and the odds of someone else making the same accidental breakthrough are non-existent. Motion: THW destroy its research
THW abolish trial by jury
THW allow UK broadcasters to be politically partisan in the reporting of current events
THW allow parents to remove their children from specific classes at school (such as sports, religious studies, sex education and science) on moral, religious or political grounds
THW never subject international treaties to popular referenda
TH supports Barack Obama's 'Kill List'
THW legalise all drugs
THW ban all political parties
THB that in times of war, the state should conscript a military by means of a draft lottery
THW abolish the welfare state
THW open all borders
TH regrets the demise of the Soviet Union
THB in the virtue of a disproportionate response
THBT NGOs/charities should not accept donations from organizations that contradict their aims
In situations where it's not possible to achieve both aims and the decision lies with the doctor, THBT doctors should prioritize prolonging life over the quality of that life
Ottakring is a neighbourhood with a high percentage of immigrants, particularly from former Yugoslavia.
THBT the US and the EU should support a Russian annexation of Crimea in exchange for an otherwise independent Ukraine
Assuming participants have consented freely and in full knowledge of the risks and possible consequences, THW allow its citizens to participate in the “Thirst Games”
TH supports nations marketing themselves as destinations for ‘good time tourism’ (for the purpose of this debate, good time tourism refers to every form of tourism that satisfies human desires and is generally forbidden in the West (prostitution, drugs)
Given a machine that can predict a person's life 95% accurately, THW not use it
THBT media aimed at children should reject the "happily ever after" model and show a more realistic picture
THBT no state, in any situation, has the right to demand, encourage or promote its citizen to fight or die for their country
THW legally require the consent of artists for the resale and use of their art
TH supports The RMT's decision to strike (in protest at ticket office closures)
THBT the US and EU should apply economic sanctions to Russia unless there is a full withdrawal of troops from territorial Ukraine.
THW replace all means-tested benefits with a Universal Basic Income
THW abolish Oxford and Cambridge Universities
Should religious education at school be abolished?
Should we introduce mandatory quotas for media products from Europe in film, tv and radio?
Should men be allowed to protest their legal duty to pay child support in writing if their partners decide against getting their written permission for abortion?
Should the West cut all economic ties with Russia as long as it occupies Crimea?
THW ban advertising targeted at children
THW assassinate North Korean nuclear scientists
TH, as a high profile Kosovar football player, would choose to play for a national team fully recognised by FIFA instead of Kosovo
THW abolish spousal privilege
THBT authors who belong to historically oppressed peoples should only write in their native languages
THBT the feminist movement should campaign to deconstruct masculinity rather than mobilize masculinity to serve feminist goals
THBT states should not hold prisoners of war after a conflict's cessation.
THR the rise of pop-cultural authories on what constitutes good sex.
THW consider an academic's publicly stated political positions (e.g. blogs, tweets, editorials) in hiring, tenure and promotion decisions.
THBT all media organizations should be owned and run by journalists
TH supports the prominence of the American Dream in the national American discourse.
TH, as the United States, would actively foment democratic unrest in China.
THBT the relationship between Britain and France is indeed a "Dear Conjunction"
THBT "Action is Eloquence" (Coriolanus)
THBT criminal defendants should only be allowed to use a state-funded attorney
THW not grant lifetime achievement awards to artists when their morality is significantly put into question
THW phase out fractional reserve banking
TH opposes the popular trend which encourages people to “be themselves” despite the opinions of others
THW support a vigilante terrorist organisation combatting violence against women in African and the Middle East
TH supports compulsory fully privatised healthcare for people living above the poverty line
Should the state provide drug checking options in all areas with higher than average drug use?
Should all people be required to take a vaccination against human gene mutation (of the X-men variety) after birth?
Should professional sports clubs be prohibited to seek national and international transfers of minors that are still in youth programs?
Should closed prisons be abolished for all crimes in juvenile justice system?
Should there be an unconditional basic income?
Should killing and feeding (Verfüttern) zoo animals for population control and consolidation of genetic diversity be banned?
TH regrets the creation of shows like 'teen mom' and '16 and pregnant'
TH supports Israel’s targeted assassinations of prominent members of Hamas
THW suspend trade unions and labour protection laws at times of economic crisis
THW require all isolated communities to have a rumspringa
TH welcomes the rise of anarcho-populism
On the condition that gangs fulfil basic social needs (such as basic healthcare, education and sanitation), THW cease to combat the gangs and their trade in favelas
TH, as the North of England, would violently secede from the UK.
THW allow people to ascertain their lifespan via the 'Bethesda' device.
In a Battlestar Galactica-themed scenario (where humanity is drifting in space), THW ban abortion.
TH supports feminist vigilante groups in India.
THBT when secession referenda are called, the nation that is being seceded from should get a chance to vote the smaller country out
THW create a market in internal organs
THBT all erroneous information used in debates should be penalised by judges
TH, as a wizard, would create a horcrux
THW force countries to invest in a global space program
THW require all businesses to be owned and run as cooperatives
THW ban the production, sale, and use of Poké Balls
THW enter the Matrix
TH supports unmanned aerial vehicles in warfare
THW introduce a UK constitution giving courts more power.
THBT parents should advise daughters against heavy drinking to avoid sexual assault.
THW eliminate copyright and patenting
TH, as Germany, would ban all emission vehicles by 2020
THW disproportionately teach colonialism in schools
TH regrets the rise of drinking initiations in universities
TH supports the marriage of Ron and Hermione
THW allow "Just following orders" as a defence
THW ban advertising
THW forcibly plug everyone into Nozick's experience machine
TH does not regret internet piracy
It is 2017. This house is the Out campaign. THW spread hyperbolised information and lies about the EU in order to win the referendum
THBT colonialism caused more good than harm
THW force men and women to take equal maternity and paternity leave
TH, as Marcus Brutus, would participate in the conspiracy to kill Caesar
TH prefers 'an eye for an eye' in modern society
TH welcomes the advent of emerging genetic enhancements on the human body
THBT feminists should oppose global capitalism
It is 1951, during the Korean War. TH, as the US, would aggressively nuke China
THW tie minimum wage increases to increases in the income of the 1%
THW institute a lottery system whereby Olympic ticket purchasers may be drafted in as athletes
In a world with superheroes, THW institute a superhero register
There is a zombie outbreak where 1% of the world is infected. They are all kept in a pen at great expense. We have a vaccination, and the other 99% are vaccinated - they will not be zombified, but the 1% are still dangerous, and there is no cure. Motion: THW kill the 1%
TH prefers the abolition of pornography to the nationalisation of pornography.
In countries where prostitution is legal, THBT national health systems should cover services of sex workers for the disabled.
THBT feminists should not campaign against polygamy in the Islamic world.
THBT countries like Switzerland, that were neutral in WW II should pay financial reparations to states occupied by the Nazis.
THW criminalise the public denial of evolution.
THBT the Western World should not portray ‘’The Great Explorers’’ (e.g. Christoph Columbus, Vasco da Gama) as heroes.
THBT the US should covertly manipulate election results in South and Central America, in order to prevent the emergence of left wing governments.
THB in right to bear arms
This House Would Ban All Political Donations
This House Would Establish Brothels on Military Bases
This House Believes That it is Legitimate for Nations to Rewrite History Books in their Favour After a Time of War
That This House, as Barack Obama, would use inception to plant socially progressive ideas in Vladimir Putin's dreams
This House Believes That liberal states with sexually conservative communities should subsidise hymenoplasty
Info slide - Disgruntled with NSA spying on US citizens, two senators from opposing parties have introduced a bill banning companies in California from providing essential utility services to the agency – including cutting off its computer-cooling water supply. Motion: THW Support the Bill
TH Welcomes the advent of extreme genetic advancements for humans
THW bring back the Assisted Places Scheme (info)
THBT the feminist movement should actively participate in the production, distribution and consumption of pornography
TH regrets the rise of atheism as promoted by Richard Dawkins (in, for example, The God Delusion in which he argues that tolerance of religion damages society and individuals)
THW aggressively harass those who post online anonymous abuse
There is a city called Omelas where all the citizens live perfectly fulfilled and happy lives. Buildings are beautiful, crops are plentiful, there is no disease, no crime, and no sorrow of any kind. On the day they reach adulthood, every citizen is taken into the citadel, to a room in the basement. There, in the deepest dungeon, they find a child, malnourished and sick, chained against the wall, in the utmost misery a human being can endure. They know that if the child were comforted, if it were allowed to enjoy a solitary moment of happiness, that the beauty of the city above would crumble, and disease, crime and want would become a part of the peoples lives. For that reason, the child will never be allowed to leave by the city. Every citizen in Omelas knows it is there, and they have all agreed to live with it. Occasionally, a citizen, man or woman, young or old, will walk through the gate on the edge of the city. They will venture into the desert that surrounds the city for as far as can be seen, walk over the horizon, and never be seen or heard from again.They are known only as The Ones who Walk Away from Omelas. Motion: THW walk away.
THBT schools should actively seek to instill a strong sense of patriotism
THBT Western states should maintain travel bans on Modi in the event of his ascension to Prime Minister
THW impose a quota ensuring that more than half of the London Metropolitan Police Service, across all ranks, is composed of people from ethnic minorities
THW compel doctors to facilitate the deaths of consenting and competent patients.
You are a Western Liberal democracy in a four-year long brutal and bloody war of attrition against an imperialistic dictatorship. Every Christmas, there is a football match between the two sides and a ceasefire. Attending the match are high ranking political and military persons of both sides, the killing of which would benefit greatly the other side. Motion: THW violate the ceasefire and kill the leaders.
THBT Judges should take into account the socioeconomic circumstances of defendants
Secondary schools should have a mandatory course in etiquette
The Netherlands should give everyone over 14 the right to vote
Dutch mayors should be elected
Only people with a teaching degree should teach at universities in the Netherlands
We should stop giving development aid.
Polygamie should be legalised in the Netherlands
Growing and selling cannabis should be made legal in the Netherlands
THW offer drug and alcohol addicts substantial cash payments in return for agreeing to undergo sterilisation
THBT major news-media organisations should not interview people with views outside the consensus of the scientific community
THBT men should take no active role in the womens liberation movement
TH, as a developing state, would ignore all international patent and copyright treaties
A person's self-image is the mental picture, generally of a kind that is quite resistant to change, that depicts not only details that are potentially available to objective investigation by others (height, weight, hair colour, biological sex, race etc.), but also items that have been learned by that person about himself or herself, either from personal experiences or by internalizing the judgments of others (gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity etc.) Motion: TH regrets the concept of self-image
THW ban commercial surrogacy
THW abandon the search for extraterrestrial life
THW welcome a political union of Latin American states based on the ideals of the Bolivarian revolution
THBT artists accrue no additional responsibilities/duties by virtue of becoming famous
THW make ratification of peace agreements conditional on approval by a popular vote of women affected by the conflict
TH is a police officer operating in a democracy with a functional judicial system. THW use extra-legal methods in the investigation and apprehension of serious criminals
In Margaret Atwood's novel Oryx and Crake there is a pill, which: (a) Protects the user against all sexually transmitted diseases (b) Provides unlimited libido and sexual prowess, along with a general sense of energy and well being (c) Acts as a 100% effective male and female birth control pill. All of the effects are irreversible and there are no other side effects. THW take the pill.
Should media be banned from speculative or evaluative (judgmental) reporting during court cases?
Should war memorials for fallen soldiers also offer equal recognition to soldiers from the other side?
Should it be a duty to report recognised injustices committed by fellow citizens (Sollen es eine Pflicht geben, erkanntes Unrecht seiner Mitbürger zur Anzeige zu bringen?)
Should Fracking be stimulated?
(inkl. Factsheet) Should Austria counteract its Declaration of Neutrality?
Should state marriage be open for all relations between people?
Should we accept the incorporation of Crimea into Russia?
THW prioritise the funding of grassroots over elite sports
THBT large Eurozone states should openly oppose Britain's attempts to renegotiate its duties and relationship with the EU
TH supports the televisation of trials
THW make development aid contingent on recipient countries maintaining substantial redistributive taxes
THW make failure to render reasonable assistance to a person in distress a criminal offence
THW ban unpaid internships
THW establish and monitor centres for animal prostitution
THW heavily increase taxes on meat
Given that a trade-off is required, THBT history education in post-conflict societies should focus on reconciliation at the cost of truth
THBT the death of newspapers and print news media would be good for journalism
TH regrets hookup apps
in these cases MPs might be expelled from their party or denied promotion if they vote against the party. Occasionally a party will have a 'free vote' and MPs can vote as they like. Examples in the UK include the ban on fox hunting with dogs, votes on abortion, and the legalisation of same-sex marriage. Labour had a whipped vote in favour of same-sex marriage, whereas the Conservatives had a free vote. Motion: TH regrets free votes
Murray Edwards, Newnham and Lucy Cavendish. 1,100 out of 17 000 students in women-only colleges (6%). In the university as a whole, the ratio of women to men is roughly 50:50. Motion: This house, as the University of Cambridge, would abolish women-only colleges
The Conservative Party is the main centre-right party in the UK. The Conservative Party is wildly unpopular in Scotland with just one seat in Westminster Parliament, despite winning many seats in England. Polls of Scottish voters see them expressing economic and social views generally in line with the majority of UK voters. It has been proposed that the Conservative Party in Scotland split with UK Conservative Party. The new party would have an independent policy platform. Motion: In the event of a 'no' vote in the independence referendum, THBT the Scottish Conservative Party should split from the UK Conservative Party
THBT "All's well that ends well"
THW measure the efficacy of charities and strip those with comparatively low social value of their charitable status. 
THBT a world without organized religion would be a better world. 
THS the boycotting of Israeli academics. 
THBT full gender emancipation requires the end of monogamy as a dominant social norm. 
THW permit parents to stunt physical development of their severely mentally disabled children.
THBT, within broad budgetary constraints, environmental policy should be decided by unelected scientific experts selected by their peers. 
THW officially recognise Scientology as a religion
TH regrets the popularisation and commercialisation of counter-cultural or oppositional sub-genres of music (e.g Gangsta Rap or Punk music)
1. A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm. 2. A robot must obey the orders given to it by human beings, except where such orders would conflict with the First Law. 3. A robot may not injure its own kind and defend its own kind unless it is interfering with the first or second rule This is a suggestion, based on systems proposed in the past. Feel free to use other moral frameworks, provided this is made clear in the first minute of the PM's speech Motion: Upon the creation of strong AI, THW hardwire AI units with an unassailable and unalterable moral code
This House Would ban gay conversion therapy
In a world where the technology exists, This House Would erase all the memories of individuals who have committed serious crimes and replace them with a fabricated set of memories, instead of sending them to prison
THBT landowners should become the automatic owners of everything on and in the ground they own
THBT all schools in the Westbank become integrated schools (mixing up children of different backgrounds to enhance integration and understanding)
THW ban research into the genetic origins of homosexuality
THW offer NATO membership to all former Soviet Union states
TH, as the parent of a child diagnosed with ADHD would conceal the diagnosis from the child and its school
THW ban women older than 40 from having children
THW legally define rape as sex without explicit consent
THBT no mayor should have participated in the protest marches against Wilders’ statements
THW hold football clubs criminally liable for the actions of their fans
THBT developing countries should create constitutionally guaranteed minimum standards of living
THW establish vocational schools and aggressively stream academically underperforming children into them.
TH regrets the centralisation of organised religion.
THBT the government should nationalise all land and buildings.
THW, radically tax the rich and give all citizens a basic income without a requirement to work
THBT, rather than protecting endangered species the animal rights movement should prioritize maximizing the total welfare of the animal population
THBT the Church should not take positions on issues which are not explicitly within the doctrine of the church
THBT self proclaimed feminists should not alter themselves(e.g. cosmetic surgery, make-up)
THW charge distribution and downloading of leaked sex tapes & nude pictures as sexual assault
THS the “No Platform” practice towards far-right and fascist public figures in advance of the EU elections.
THBT history curricula should feature the same proportion of male and female historical figures.
THW allow assisted suicide for terminally ill children with the consent of their parents.
THBT Western states should substantially support the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation in its efforts in the developing world to promote birth control that is undetectable by men.
THW make voting mandatory.
THW abolish the prison system.
THBT the EU should force member states to adopt socially progressive legislation (e. g. same-sex marriage, abortion rights, ethnic and religious minority rights).
THW create a separate athletics league for athletes that choose to take performance enhancing substances.
THW impose quotas that ensure at least half of a company’s board of directors is composed of women.
THBT the gay rights movement should abandon the claim that sexuality is not a choice.
THW allow individuals to enter into pre-nuptial agreements where infidelity is punishable by prison sentences.
THS the creation and use of Autonomous Killing Robots. Info: Autonomous Killing Robots are a form of military technology which when activated, can identify and engage targets* without further human intervention. *targets include humans and light armoured vehicles
THW give the public the power, via referendum, to pardon whistleblowers.
THBT the EU should offer membership to Middle Eastern and North African states that achieve successful democratic transition.
In a parallel universe, there is a planet X which resembles Earth as it existed in the early days of humanity. Their human population face a choice of implementing one of two political systems. Motion: TH, as the human population of planet X, would choose communism over capitalism.
THW ban presidential pardon
TH, as LGBT community, would out closeted politicians who are gays and publicly express homophobic views
This House Regrets the rise of televised talent shows
THBT national central banks should set limits on government spending
THW ban the orange march in the UK
THBT developing democracies with a history of ethnic tensions should have ethnic quotas in government
THBT black civil rights groups should condemn contemporary hip hop
THW legalize the sale, production and consumption of drugs
THW expand baby hatches in China
THW partially link development aid to developing countries commitment to female equality
TH welcomes the downfall of global capitalism
THBT the states should pay reparations to ethnic minorities
THBT it is immoral to donate to animal welfare charities while there are charities which aim to alleviate human suffering still in need.
THW guarantee military veterans jobs for life (through civilian state sector employment or/and state subsidy of private sector employment).
THBT feminists should not oppose dating sites which seek to romantically link rich men and physically attractive women.
THBT western nations should require companies seeking to sell products within their borders to abide by national worker’s rights legislation, regardless of where the goods were manufactured and at all stages of the production process.
THW determine income tax based on the relative privilege of an individuals’ upbringing.(Privilege includes such things as private education, parental wealth, childhood home)
THW offer citizenship to illegal immigrants in exchange for meaningful information on their traffickers and illegal employers.
THW, as NATO, send troops to protect the Ukrainian border (not including the Crimea).
THS the unlimited use of war-time propaganda which aims to dehumanise the enemy.
THW require all advertising to be gender neutral.
A Computer Operated Police (or C.O.P) Machine is a non-autonomous humanoid domestic drone currently being developed by the State to carry out operations deemed to be too dangerous for human officers. They are remote operated and fully armed. Motion: TH supports the deployment, throughout the Police Force, of C.O.P.s.
THW aggressively promote scientific rationalism in schools.
THW, as the West, invade Syria with the objectives to depose the Assad regime and oversee a transition to democracy.
THW decriminalise the intentional and negligent transmission of HIV.
THW ban commercial expeditions to the top of the Mount Everest
THW award state funding for the arts through lottery
THW apply the technology as an alternative to regular imprisonment
THW falsify history in post-war societies in order to ensure peace
THW replace the state pension with a state disability insurance
THW require companies to make the salaries of all their employees publicly available
THBT liberal democratic states should add citizens duties as well as citizens rights in their constitutions
THW rewrite sexist, racist or otherwise discriminating passages in opera libretti
THW allow parents to decide to let their severally mentally handicapped children be operated or treated with hormones so that they will not enter physical puberty
THW ban money from Saudi Arabia to promote Islam in the EU, as long as other religions are banned from that country.
THW require popular sports that generate high profits to share a portion of their gains with marginal/fringe sports
THW require companies to make the salaries of all their employees publicly available
THW require elected politicians and their families to use only services provided by the state
THW grant the Roma the right to settle in self governing autonomous communities
THBT states should grant unconditional asylum to all Syrians
TH, as Latvia, would ban Legion Day parades
THW would classify crimes directed against sub-cultures as hate crimes
In countries where gay marriage is legal THW abolish tax exemptions and cease funding of religious organisations that refuse to conduct same sex marriage or ban homosexuals from their services
Given the consent of Ukraine's government, THBT the West should assist in maintaining peace and territorial integrity in Eastern Ukraine
THW ban beauty pageants for minors
THW ban political contributions.
TH, as a woman, would make targeted use of her feminine charms
THBT all borders should be opened at once
THW replace the Bundestag by permanent “delegated voting”
THW require companies to make the salaries of all their employees publicly available
THW legalise the sale and purchase of human organs
THW allocate public housing and use financial incentives (e.g. rent subsidies) to maintain a minimum quota of ethnic groups in all areas of the country
THW ban the use of photoshop in magazines and advertising
THBT the USA should withdraw from NATO
THW lower income tax and impose higher wealth taxes (e.g. on inheritance, property and other assets) instead
THW build Dostoevsky's edifice
Should universities stop giving out honours or titles for which no scientific labour or standards were met (e.g. honourary doctors title)?
Should Spartengewerkschaften (craft unions) be abolished? Spartengewerkschaften abgeschafft werden?
Should providing arms to the citizens of another state be outlawed under international law?
Should landowners be the owners of all natural resources (Bodenschätze) in their ground?
Should media be banned from publishing information about the sexual preferences or orientations of public figures without their consent?
It is mandatory in Germany to reserve one percent of your public building budget for art projects. Motion: Should we stop the mandatory art requirement for public building projects?
Should politicians be liable for policy decisions with their private assets (mutatis mutandis)?
THW substantially lower labour regulations for young people in areas with high youth unemployment.
THBT internet piracy has done more good than harm.
THBT the European Union should guarantee membership to regions of member states that secede from their parent state.
TH supports hydraulic fracturing.
THW implement tradable quotas for asylum seekers within the European Union.
TH supports Athletic Bilbao's cantera policy.
THW create a common history curricula for the entire European Union.
In instances where utterances of a minor amount to hate speech, THS the public shaming of the parent rather than the minor.
THBT developing countries should hold the Catholic church financially liable for the medical expenses of AIDS victims in areas where the church campaigns against condom use.
As the South African government, THW explicity oppose the use of the word "apartheid" in describing the Israeli/Palestinian conflict.
THW, by worker referendum, allow employees to set the salaries of their top executives.
THW create an age-restricted rating that warns the audience when a film has failed the Bechdel Test.
THBT gay judges or legal experts who meaningfully contribute to legalizing gay marriage are morally obligated to publicly reveal their sexual orientation.
THW ban all private campaign contributions and instead implement a voucher system, wherein every citizen of voting age would receive a R600 voucher that can only be used to finance political campaigns of the citizen's choosing.
THW require universities to write-off the student debt of any student who graduates in good academic standing but is unable to find a job despite actively seeking employment.
THR Americans' recent and unprecedented opposition to military intervention.
Should grades be abolished?
Should E-sports be recognised, promoted and valued as equals to other sports?
Should news media be banned from reporting on threats of terrorist attacks?
Should kindergartens actively combat gender roles?
THW put high taxes on unhealthy products
THW ban TV shows that objectify women
THBT regions should always be able to call a referendum for independence
THB in a state that only provides the most basic services
TH, as the EU, would force its member states to rcognise gay marriages
THW give highly advanced artificial intelligence the same rights as humans
THW prohibit works of art that undermine/go against morality
THW ban commercials
THW introduce a “capability vote”
THW prohibit sex changes
THW ban pornography
THW impose a DNA database
THW prohibit all motor vehicles
THW grant legal personality to animals
THW ban online dating sites
THW make participating in sports activities mandatory
THW permit the state discretionary eavesdropping on its citizens
THW put a cap on the salaries of top athletes
THW make the payment of family allowances conditional on school attendance
THW resist the supremacy of English by any means available
THBT parents should monitor the electronic communications of their children, for example by installing spyware, requiring their children to give them their passwords, or reading browser histories
THW take away essential service givers' (such as policemen, firemen and doctors) right to strike
TH regrets the campaign to remove Brendan Eich from office
THW allow the parliament to pass retroactive laws with a 2/3 majority
THBT developing countries should ban aid organizations from religious proselytizing
THBT The death of newspapers and news print media would be a net good
THBT the education system should stream children according to their abilities from a young age
Should we introduce diversity quota, rather than women’s quota?
(inkl.Factsheet) Should we reserve prostheses and implants for people with physical deficiencies?
Should companies have to justify the labour conditions of their suppliers in their yearly financial reports?
Should the European Court of Justice be given the power to annul national laws that violate European values upon request of the European Parliament?
THW allow family members of drug addicts to force the addicts to go into rehab
THW rather invest in nuclear energy than in “green” (renewable) energy
THBT criminal law should not take retribution into account as a criteria for punishment
THBT the west should put heavy sanctions on Russia until Putin abdicates and democratic elections are held
TH, as the Catholic Church, would use elections to select its next pope
This house would fund cosmetic plastic surgery.
This House Believes that juries should only include individuals that are from the same socio-economic class as the defendant
This house believes that international sporting events, such as the Olympics or Football World Cup, should not be held in countries with poor human rights records.
This house applauds the rise of pop songs by female artists that glorify assertive female sexuality
THW implement a full ban on burqas
TH, as the European Union, would suspend Hungary's EU-membership if they do not reform within a set period of time.
THW create Hamsterdams in cities with a high level of drug use
THW allow virtual child pornography
THW Implement the Prime Directive
TH, as the Palestinian people, would launch a Third Intifada
This house would ban religious schools.
This house believes France and Britain should support a permanent common EU seat in the UN Security Council in exchange for their seats.
Assuming it is technologically possible, this house would require individuals in liberal democracies to reveal their actual identity when communicating on the internet
This house supports an unconditional basic income
This house believes a healthy democracy needs term limits for heads of government
THW abolish Gesinnungsstrafrecht (additional attitude/mindset penalties for crimes commited, e.g. hate crimes)
THW give citizens the right to change their identities without giving justification
THBT Putin’s conduct of the Crimea crisis was in Russia’s strategic interest
TH is a citizen of a western liberal democracy that rejects discrimination on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation or ethnicity. TH would boycott works from artists (painters, musicians, movie directors, etc.) that personally hold discriminatory views, even when you like their art
TH regrets the increasing classification of human behaviour as illnesses
THW, as part of awareness campaigns about rape and sexual violence, inform women of potentially risky behaviour (like alcohol consumption or choice of clothing)
TH, as the European Union, would introduce defence mechanisms agains anti-EU parties
THBT it is time for Germany to take more on miiltary responsibility in the world
: THBT liberal democracies should not treat disclosure of information to the public as treason.
: THW temporarily recolonise former colonies that have developed into “failed states”
THBT current day’s political correctness does more harm than good
THW publicly designate men's rights movements as hate groups and monitor them accordingly
THW act now to prevent quantum computing becoming a reality
TH, as Israel and the USA, would extend heavy military and economic aid to (only) Syrian rebel groups who publicly endorse immediate peace with Israel
THW, as Ed Milliband, ignore the referendum result, and remain in the EU
TH supports Kanye West‘s use of the Confederate flag
THW criminalise the purchase of sex
THBT seats in the UK Parliament should be based on competitive, merit-based, examinations rather than elections
THBT The Palestinian people should abandon claims to independent statehood and publicly demand the merger of Palestine and Israel into a single democratic state
THW remove the exemption for religious organisations from anti-discrimination legislation (such as the Equalities Act 2010)
THBT the United States Government should pay reparations to the descendants of former slaves
Paternity leave should be equal to maternity leave
Students should get their basic study grant back.
Large banks should be split into smaller ones
We should prosecute homegrown Jihadis
More financial support for students is preferable over travel subsidies
The state should get a monopoly on prostitution
We should get a European army
The Netherlands should impose a maximum wage
We should add the P of paedophilia to the LGBT movement
Women older than forty should not have children
The Dutch people should select the coach of the national football team
A (very) high tax on inheritance would be just
Greenpeace should be banned
THW abolish all limitations on freedom of speech
THW ignore the snake and not eat from the fruit
TH welcomes double nationalities.
TH condemns the progressive marketisation of our health care system
THW boycott the football World Cup in Brasil
THW ban all procedures to alter one's racial appearance.
THW require all licenses for ethically controversial scientific experiments to be approved by a majority of a randomly selected group of citizens
THW legalise commercial surrogacy.
THBT sex education in schools should teach techniques for pure sexual gratification (including but not limited to: anal sex, oral sex, mutual gratifcation, and masturbation).
THW provide disproportionate financial incentives to make life choices which directly conflict with traditional gender roles.
THW require that religious organisations and leaders remain politically neutral.
THW privatise the distribution of welfare.
THW have scientists make environmental policies, not politicians
THBT humanism should disassociate from atheism
THW nationalise porn
TH, as the US government, would create a separate Kurdish state
THW only show films that pass the Bechdel test
THW give equal coverage to mens’ and womens’ sport
THBT the Mexican government should support vigilante groups
THW remove the 9th clause from the Japanese constitution
THW require all photoshopped images to be labelled
THW reallocate names randomly
THW allow simulated child pornography
THW reduce US cultural domination
THW decrease womens’ income tax
THW aggressively hire ex-soldiers as teachers
THBT Palestinians should accept demilitarisation in exchange for US recognition as a state
THW ban private schools
THW continue to drill the Arctic
THW give house arrest for non-violent offenders
THW not have set up the ICTY after the dissolution of Yugoslavia
THBT Greece should immediately default and leave the Euro
THW get councils to put out tenders for all NHS services in a local area
THB liberal and progressive groups should stop saying “Check your privilege”
THW prevent guilty nations of human rights violations from hosting sporting events
THW abolish government funding of art
THW send female diplomats to gender inequality countries
THBT Mossad should covertly assassinate Syrian rebel leaders
TH regrets the commercialisation of indigenous cultures
THBT LGBT should split into its constituent parts
THW teach sex positions explicitly for pleasure in sex education lessons
THBT the US should assassinate the five Taliban prisoners released in return for Bowe Bergdahl so that the US will never negotiate with terrorists
THW abolish Oxbridge
THB that the UN should ban impartial small arms embargos
THB that the Iraqi government should issue oil dividends to its citizens
THW allow the use of nootropics for academic and professional purposes
Given the rise of the Islamic State, THW support military intervention in Syria and Iraq
THBT newly industrialized countries should not host international sporting events
TH supports the implementation of Liquid Democracy via digital voting
THW push the button (to end all life on earth)
THW give up on climate change prevention and would instead focus on climate change adaptation
This house would ban schools from catering to a specific religion (such as Catholic schools, Hebrew schools or Muslim schools)
This house believes that Brazilian footballers should have boycotted the entire 2014 World Cup.
THW allow inmates to pay for substantially better prison conditions.
THW revoke the citizenship of Western citizens who travel to the Middle East to join Jihadi groups.
THBT western European states should adopt the eastern European ban on all Communist symbols.
Assuming the technology to do so safely and easily exist, THW force everyone to undergo periodical sex changes.
You are a scientist. You have discovered absolute conclusive proof that God does not exist. This house would destroy the information.
Should the Catholic Church make its members to elect the new pope?
Should debaters who win their first ZEIT DEBATTE stop participating in these tournaments as speakers?
Should wearing national symbols like flags, colours, make up, costumes and sports shirts be banned during international sport events?
Should journalists be banned from participating actively (as speakers or writers) in political or scientific events?
This House believes men should have the right to refuse paternal financial obligations towards pregnancies they did not consent to.
This House believes individuals have the right to be forgotten.
This House would abandon the use of economic sanctions as a tool for achieving political aims
This House discredits portrayal of Disney princesses
This House would allow 3rd World countries to choose to be reinstated as a colony.
Infoslide: you have the ability to know when and how people are going to die. THW not tell anyone
This House would allow drug addicts to file class action suits against their state, for their condition.
This House would disband the Vatican as a state.
THW Prosecute The Parents/Guardians of Obese Children For Neglect
THB States Should Ensure That Their Police Forces are Roughly Proportionally Representative of the Diversity of Race & Religion of the Local Population
THB The European Union Should Immediately And Aggressively Accelerate The Accession of Ukraine
THW Allow Formula 1 Teams to Race a Third Car, Provided at Least 1 of the Drivers is Female
THB Religious Institutions Should Not be Entitled to Any Exemption From Anti-Discrimination Laws
THB one should not be entitled to seek removal of any links to any data irrespective of their being ‘‘inadequate, irrelevant or excessive“
THB the state should provide no further services beyond those of basic law and order
Should parents’ votes carry more weight in elections?
Should cultural institutes be self-sufficient?
Should combat sports/martial arts be forbidden?
Should development aid only be given in the form of knowledge transfer?
THBT, western democracies should send military ground forces against the organisation ISlamic State (formerly ISIS)
THW not invest in research and development that has the delay of the aging process as its sole purpose.
THW welcome the worldwide introduction of soylent or similar mixtures as a nutritional standard or staple food.
THBT you should use the beliefs of your fellow human beings to promote and establish socially progressive norms in society.
THW temporarily suspend Hungary’s EU membership
THW impose extra (penalty) taxes on products that cannot be proven to have been produced under fair-trade conditions.
THBT the United Nations as an idea have failed by now (auf mittelbare Zeit)
THBT people have a moral duty to stop chanting words like “puto” or “maricón” (faggot) at sporting events
THBT we should prohibit public hospitals to proscribe alternative treatments (like homeopathic treatments, accupuncture or Bach flower remedies)
THW ban the use of circus animals
THW ban the sales of complex financial products
THW penalise a person who knows they have HIV and has sexual contacts with others without informing them
THBT smokers should cover the costs of their medical treatments
THBT the Mexican government (and others in military situations) should take steps to prevent people travelling in life-threatening ways like "La Bestia"
THW eliminate migration barriers
TH, if presented with a choice between holding the FIFA World Cup 2022 in Qatar or not holding the World Cup at all that year, would choose not to hold the World Cup in 2022.
THW eliminate the minimum wage
esta casa dejaría en manos de los ciudadanos, a través del voto directo en referendos
THB it is just that citizens create their own armed groups when the state fails to protect them from organised crime
THB the EU should allow freedom of movement within its borders to Syrian refugees
THB the EU and other western powers should join the US embargo against Cuba until it transitions to a multi party democracy
THBT it is legitimate for Israel to unilaterally strike Iranian nuclear facilities if current talks fail
THW replace the ICC with regional courts to prosecute crimes against humanity
THBT NATO should militarily intervene to assist the Ukrainian government in suppressing the separatist rebels in the eastern province
THBT, without religion, there are basically no values
THW follow the prophet (m/f)
THW not take the drug.
TH, as the Evangelical Church in Germany, would not baptise children.
THW in this religiously conservative society actively engage in religious activities and events (attend worshop ceremonies, share blessings, say prayers).
THW not offer theology at state universities
THBT developing countries should never hold major international sporting events
THR the rise of internet piracy
THW require quotas of female and minority candidates for judicial appointments
THW Ban any public commemoration of the centenary of WW1
THR the rise of hookup apps
THBT Elizabeth Warren should aggressively challenge Hilary Clinton for the presidency
THBT The British Government should publish the communications in their entirety
THBT the media should show the full horrors of war
TH supports Nicki Minaj's "Anaconda" album cover
THW take away the right to host the 2018 World Cup from Russia
THW enforce affirmative action of the poor, rather than minorities
TH, as the USA, would withdraw all of its financial and military aid from Israel
THW prosecute women whose lifestyle severely endangers their future child’s quality of life
TH regrets the rise of consumerism
THBT state health care providers should offer and fund faith-based treatment options.
THW allow the homeless to seize long-term unoccupied properties.
TH supports the recasting of male action heroes and superheroes as female.
TH believes that populist parties (such as UKIP, theTea Party Movement and the 5 Star movement) are good for democracy.
TH would implement the death penalty for crimes against humanity.
TH as an Israeli would refuse to join the Israel Defence Force.
THBT countries with booming populations should allocate every adult a single, tradable permit to have a child.
THW launch a ground invasion to fight the Islamic State (ISIS) in Iraq
THBT states should seek to prioritise reducing income inequality over GDP growth
THBT states should pay reparations to minorities, who are citizens, that the state has previously oppressed
THBT the EU member states should sanction any state that ignores ECJ rulings.
TH belives that militaries are justified in directing their troops to use the Hannibal procedure
TH regrets the increased mechanization of manual labor
This house would pay additional benefits to families on welfare according to their child’s performance in school.
This house supports two-party political systems over multi-party political systems.
This house would ban international aid charities from using senational, graphic, or overly-emotional images of suffering in fundraising and advertising campaigns.
This house believes that EU member states should nationalise all their oil and gas resources in order to surrender total ownership and control of them to an EU-run energy agency.
This house believes that states of the former Yugoslavia should not commemorate the events of the Yugoslav Wars.
This house would introduce blind voting.
This house would require of police departments that the ethnic composition of their arrests match the ethnic composition of the population in their jurisdiction.
This house believes that micro-finance organisations (including, but not limited to: NGOs, charities and development banks) should offer micro-finance loans in developing nations exclusively to women.
This house believes that states should hold binding national referendums on major peace agreements.
This house would make membership in a labour union compulsory for every worker.
This house would require companies to place images of animal suffering on all products or food whose production harmed or killed animals.
This house believes that leaders of minority religions in Europe should strongly encourage their congregations to refrain from public displays of their faith.
THW, assuming it was technically feasible, remove the ability of soldiers to feel fear
This house believes that supreme/constitutional courts should not have the power to strike down legislation.
This house believes that the United States of America should invade, and forcibly partition Iraq.
This House believes that feminist movement should oppose military interventions which claim to further women's rights
THW legalize the sale of organs, blood and marrow
THW never arm or finance rebel groups as a tactic of war.
THBT universities should abolish all committees that deal with sexual crimes against their students and defer to the Police
THBT FIFA should revoke the 2018 World Cup from Russia
THBT police forces should accurately reflect the racial demographic of the population they protect.
THBT men should not hold leadership postitions within women's rights and feminist organizations.
THBT United States would suspend all foreign aid to Israel unless they withdraw from the West Bank
THBT individuals have an obligation not to consume artwork from artists that have committed highly immoral actions.
THBT governments should negotiate with terrorists when their citizens are taken hostage by terrorist groups
THW allow international commercial surrogacy
THS “No Platform” policies in student unions
THW pay reparations to former mining communities in the UK
THBT government regulation agencies should be allowed to break up banks, like Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase and HSBC, that are deemed ’too big to fail’.
THBT governments should prioritise economically productive public spending over investing in arts, humanities, etc. when deciding on their budget.
TH, as the UK Labour party, would participate in a cross party initiative to reform the Human Rights Act.
THO the American charter school movement
THW cooperate with any leader or regime to defeat non-state actors that systematically violate human rights
THR the rise of dating and other websites that allow individuals to rate others based on past romantic interactions (e.g. Lulu)
THBT institutional art credentials are bad for art
TH, as an emerging democracy, would suppress domestic media providers in favour of international media providers
THBT universities and other stakeholders should primarily consider teaching ability rather than research outputs when awarding tenure and allocating academic funding
THW facilitate religious prosletysation in areas of high socio-economic deprivation
THS the use of forced population transfers that create separate, ethnically homogenous states as a solution to prolonged ethnic conflict
THBT, in the face of police repression, protesters have a right to non-lethal, but violent, proportional retaliation
THW impose a tax on unhealthy foods
TH believes that animal rights activists should launch a campaign of sabotage and property destruction to further the cause of animal rights.
THW legalise the buying and selling of sexual services
TH, as a parent with the financial means to do so, would not send their child to private school
THW make voting compulsory
THW only imprison individuals who have committed violent crimes and pose a continuing threat to society
TH regrets the characterisation of soldiers as heroes
THW transfer all state funding for elite sportspersons to youth academies
THBT war journalists should be forced to reveal their sources in international criminal tribunals (including the International Criminal Court) trying cases of war crimes, crimes against humanity or genocide.
THW publicly disclose all salaries
THW create separate schools for LGBTQ youth
THW consider senior politicians under oath when making public statements on political issues, thus making them criminally liable for perjury if they lie
THB the media should show images of Islamic State attrocities in their full brutality
THBT democratic states dominated by hegemonic political parties should forcibly break up those parties
THR the way that brutal antiterrorism tactics have been portrayed in Western film and television media
TH, as Turkey, would intervene militarily in the Syrian civil war.
THW prioritise dealing with the consequences of climate change rather than preventing it
THW set the burden of proof in criminal trials to "balance of probabilities" rather than "beyond reasonable doubt".
THR that companies such as Facebook and Apple have offered to pay for elective egg freezing for their employees.
THBT companies like H&M and Primark should hire half as many factory workers in the developing world but pay them twice as much.
THBT people who go bankrupt should have their finances managed by the state for five years.
THW only allow those who pass a political awareness exam to vote.
THW impose the death penalty for pretty crime, if we knew that it would be 100% effective in deterring pretty crime and would never be used.
THBT the EU should abandon its aim to establish an "ever closer union".
THBT the EU should make English the primary language of instruction for all students above the age of 14
TH supports violent revolution in countries with severe economic inequality
THW ban religious practices that cause cruelty to animals.
ΤΗΒΤ on balance the invention of nuclear weapons was beneficial for the world.
TH would make bidding to host major sporting events conditional on winning a local public referendum.
THBT parents should push their kids to achieve, even if that comes at the expense of their child’s happiness.
THW take the red pill.
THW require parents to vaccinate their children, except where doing so is not in the child's medical interest
THW ban the paying of ransom insurance in the case of kidnapping
THW impose very high taxes on the rich, even when doing so will not increase total tax revenues
THBT feminist campaigns directed specifically at men are harmful to the feminist cause
THBT the IMF and the World Bank should not make debt relief for highly indebted poor countries conditional on trade liberalisation
THW offer full amnesty to any European citizen currently fighting on behalf of ISIL as long as they immediately return to Europe
THBT the state has a duty to provide the long term unemployed with lasting employment which pays at least the minimum wage
THR Lara Croft
THS a federal UK
THBT retired parents should be allowed to seek alimony payments from their adult children.
THBT western media outlets should collectively decline to cover any ISIS actions primarily intended to attract western attention (e.g. Hostage takings/executions)
THBT copyright of photographic art featuring individuals or communities of people should belong to those people, not the artist.
THBT the trans movement should actively seek to separate themselves, their issues and their collective identity from the LGBTQ movement in their campaigns and in the public consciousness.
THBT military conscription should be regarded as a war crime.
THW allow individuals to grant amnesty to criminals for crimes they committed against them
THW break up banks that are deemed too big to fail
THBT the LGBTQ lobby should make up evidence that prominent anti-LGBTQ rights campaigners are, themselves LGBTQ
THBT developing nations should hold the Catholic Church financially liable for the medical expenses of Catholic HIV/AIDS victims in areas where the church campaigns against condom use
THW ban dating services built around matching rich men/women with younger men/women
THBT Serbia should immediately cut off political and economic ties with the Russian Federation
THW immediately evacuate all relics off cultural or historical import currently located in unstable countries to stable Western nations
THW force companies to pay their interns
THW out closeted LGBT sports stars
THW allocate votes inversely proportional to wealth (where everyone gets at least one vote)
THW allow single parents to raise their children in prison
THBT the West should use ground troops against the Islamic State
THW require British political parties to field 50% female candidates in national elections
THW ban all political donations by corporations
THBT Miley Cyrus' sexualised performances (such as Wrecking Ball) are a victory for feminism
THW unconditionally lift non-arms related sanctions on North Korea
TH Supports Vigilanteism in high crime areas
THBT the UK should unilateraly remove all restrictions on immigration from its former colonies
THB that states should no longer fund or own public broadcasters, such as the BBC, NERIT or PBS
TH welcomes the rise of art that celebrates a lack of economic wealth
THBT Google, Youtube and social media platforms should remove content which is deemed as insulting to religion
TH supports Greek youth violently protesting against Trojka mandated austerity measures
THW lift all limits on international migration
THBT international courts should punish states with the capacity to prevent crimes against humanity, but do not do so
THW significantly lower labour regulations for youth in EU areas with high youth unemployment
THW abolish all corporate income tax
THS affirmative action for male educators
THW legalize entrapment
THS substantial corporate funding for university research

THBT international news organizations should report equally on all geographic regions to all audiences.
THS the use of private military contractors in the developing world.
THW ban religious organizations from providing rehabilitation services to drug and alcohol addicts.
THBT democracies should extend voting rights to migrant workers.
TH, as a feminist, would oppose products marketed to help women protect themselves from date rape.
THBT Arab-Israelis who successfully seek election to the Knesset should opt not to take up that seat.
THBT the state should construct false historical narratives that promote social cohesion (e.g. racial and religious tolerance)
There is a potion which can stop you falling in love. TH, as an 18 year old, would take the potion.
THBT true women’s liberation is incompatible with the existence of organized religion.
THBT FB should manipulate users’ newsfeeds in order to promote progressive content.
THBT the interests of the ethnic Albanians in Macedonia is best served through participation in ethnic Macedonian parties.
THW ban all medical procedures intended to change an individual's racial appearance.
TH supports the US's use of drones to eliminate terrorist targets.
THBT homosexual football players from top western leagues should publicly declare their sexuality
TH supports the radical redistribution of wealth.
This House Would suspend the right of free movement of people in the EU.
THBT the EU should send a single unified team to the next world cup.
THW criminalise all forms of high school bullying (including physical, verbal, written, cyber bullying and boycotting)
THBT donations to disease charities should be redistributed among these disease charities according to the number of people affected by each disease.
THS the use of feminist catch phrases about freedom, empowerment and choice in advertisement of fashion and beauty products.
THBT governments should tax individual income out of labour (paid salary) significantly less than individual's income generated out of capital (which includes inheritance, real estate, stock portfolios, etc.)
THBT the German government should significantly fund films and tv shows that sympathetically depict the narratives of non-Jewish German civilians under the Nazi regime.
This house would ban anti EU parties from participating in the EU elections.
THBT in order for a law to be enacted, it should have to be passed by the legislature and then by a body chosen at random from eligible voters.
THBT press agencies should not purchase or publish the work of freelance war reporters.
THBT the EU should suspend Hungary’s membership rights.
This house, as the gay community, regrets the existence of Grindr
This house would deny public funding to parties with explicitly ethnic-based membership or platforms
THW not punish those who live below the poverty line for economic crimes, e.g. theft
TH, as a superhero, would agree to use their powers solely in service of the democratic state
THS the objectification of men in popular culture.
THW require that any houses or apartments left vacant for six months or more be surrendered to the State.
THBT Western foreign policy should abandon attempts to universalise liberal values
THBT Google should inform the authorities about suicide searches
Assuming the existence of a gay gene, THW disproportionately favour embryos that possess it in IVF.
THW prohibit all research aiming to create sentient artificial intelligences.
THS the New Atheism movement
THBT unpaid domestic workers should strike for state pay
This House would grant an additional vote to families with children for national elections
THW hide the diagnosis of pseudo-epilepsy from the patient
THW submit religious organisations to the full extent of anti-discrimination laws
THW nationalise social media
THW show a more prominent role for women in history books
TH disapproves of movements that aim to further the acceptation of obesity in society
THW never target civilians in a total war
THBT it is justified for society to demand of migrants that they accept the dominance of existing norms and values
TH opposes slum tourism
THBT student unions should never campaign for the censorship of controversial speakers
THW tax low-brow art to subsidize high-brow art
TH prefers regional trade agreements to the WTO
THW allow terminally ill patients to access experimental treatments
TH prefers religions that teach that people are inherently good to religions that teach that people are inherently evil
THBT the US should sell arms to Nigeria to fight Boko Haram
TH regrets the prominence of pop culture celebrities in feminist discourse
THW legalise the buying and selling of sexual services
THBT football fans should boycott the 2022 world cup in Qatar
THBT the US and Iran should ally to fight ISIS
THW aggressively financially incentivise the enrollment of female students in areas with low female enrollment
THBT developed countries should grant an amnesty to illegil immigrants
THBT individuals have a right to a basic income regardless of capacity or willingness to work
THW allow individuals to sue religious organisations for making decisions that harm them
THW replace all sin taxes with an increase in income tax
THBT the EU should issue a directive to all its member states to legalise gay marriage
THW abolish all non-comprehensive schools and require children to attend their geographically closest school.
THBT sexually assertive female pop stars identifying as feminists is harmful for feminism.
THBT Western nations should not attend sporting events in countries with bad human rights records
THBT Western Liberal Democracies and their citizens should never pay ransom for those kidnapped by terrorist groups
THW end the use of jailhouse informants
THBT minority groups should not appropriate or reappropriate terms that have been used against them as slurs.
THW allow individuals to opt out of employment provisions and regulations relating to health and safety in return for increased pay
THW give parents an additional vote for each of their underage children
THBT Japan should re-develop offensive military capabilities.
THW financially incentivize vegetarianism. 
THW allow individuals in prison to serve their sentences in the armed forces.
THW not allow sexual assault victims to give up their right to testify in criminal proceedings as part of a civil settlement
THBT the EU should automatically re-admit regions that secede from member states.
THW require pornography producers to be run by a collective of their female employees.
THW ban the purchase of urban, residential real estate by foreign investors
THBT police officers on regular patrol should not carry firearms
THBT Israel should unilaterally withdraw to the 1967 borders and respect them regardless of future Palestinian actions.
THW allow the Children's Aid Society to force chemotherapy.
THBT laws about abortion should be decided in women-only referenda
TH prefers a world in which people do not believe in the existence of God or a divine being
THBT Putin's interventionist role in global geopolitics is contrary to the interests of the Russian people
This House Supports the use of tiger parenting techniques
THBT celebrities should not act as spokespeople for humanitarian issues
THW if it was technologically possible erase memory of the idea and events caused by Nazism
THBT a state's primary obligation is towards its own citizens
THW base monetary criminal fines primarily on the income of the perpetrator rather than the severity of the crime
THBT the EU should abandon its commitment to the principle of open borders between member states.
THBT feminists should support the HeForShe movement.
THBT it is in ASEAN's long term best interests to seek closer ties with China rather than the U.S.A.
THBT the music press should aggressively negatively depict the work of artists, such as John Lennon and Jimmy Page who commit morally reprehensible acts.
THW ban religious charities from proselytising in the developing world.
THS the decision of pop stars such as Lily Allen and Adele to not take part in Band Aid
THW grant an amnesty to those who commit crimes during US race riots so long as they meet the following criteria:  1. They were motivated by a desire to fight social injustice, 2. If property is targeted, it belongs to the apparatus of the state (for example, police cars and government buildings.
TH, as the Dutch government, would ban all depictions, and the impersonating, of Zwarte Piet
THW Extend the UK DNA Database to the entire population
THR the Rise of the Women's Magazine
TH supports the rise of Social Impact Bonds to fund public projects
THW, as the Indian Gov't, Cease the Naxalite Surrender and Rehabilitation Policy
THBT President Obama should prosecute officials that authorised and ordered torture
In countries where the right to an abortion has been achieved... THBT the right to abortion is no longer a legitimate debate
THW not allow skilled workers to migrate to the EU from the developing world
THW require all film companies to practice socially representative film making
THBT US citizens should select Option B i.e. they should vote to publicly subject the kidnapped officials to enhanced interrogation techniques
TH supports the creation of feminist political parties
THBT the Baltic states should ban Russian state-backed TV channels
TH supports African Americans who choose to violently protest in response to police brutality
THBT universities and student groups should not ban speakers with offensive political views
THBT education systems should indoctrinate children to believe they are personally culpable for the death and suffering in the developing world
THR the decline of tightly integrated families
THBT environmental movements should support climate engineering that fundamentally alters the environment in an attempt to combat global warming
THBT in areas of socio-economic deprivation, schools should train students in vocational skills to the exclusion of the liberal arts
THW prohibit the media from reporting on the mental illness of those accused of crimes
THBT the international community should cut off internet access in Syria
THBT developing countries should adopt economic development policies that heavily disincentivise urbanisation
THW ban the research and production of moral enhancement drugs
THBT the US and EU should seek to promote peace by heavily subsidising Israeli businesses who invest in the Palestinian territories
TH, as a medical professional employed by the US military or security sevices, would, and would encourage others, to refuse orders to provide medical treatment to individuals undergoing 'enhanced interrogation techniques'
THW ban its citizens from visiting illiberal states whose economies depend on tourism
THBT progressive politicians in conservative societies should pander to bigots, racists, hardline conservatives and others with regressive views in attempting to win elections
THBT the African-American community should actively oppose 'broken windows policies'
THW strictly limit the replacement of workers with technology by companies
THBT liberal democracies that overthrow the governments of other states should impose power-sharing, even when this severely overrides or delays democratic representation
TH regrets the rise of art that celebrates gaining material wealth
THBT judges should deliberately misinterpret constitutions to protect important liberties
THW allow corporations to use hackers to retaliate against cyberattacks where the state seems unwilling or unable to do so
THBT disadvantaged groups should emphasise their conformity with, rather than distinctiveness from, dominant culture, as a strategy for improving their social position
TH regrets the decline of secular pan-Arab nationalism
THBT all states should create special economic zones in cities, where all economic activities (except the purchase of goods and services) are carried out by women
THBT humanitarian organisations should, and should be allowed to, give funding, resources or services to illegal armed groups when this is made a condition for access to vulnerable civilians
THBT men's and women's prisons that are close to each other should have co-ed activity time including sex rooms.
THBT the Palestinian movement should abandon its claim for the right to return in exchange for significant financial reparations
TH regrets the alliance of liberal political parties with large businesses and financial interests
THBT minority artists should create street art and other art in public spaces rather than art intended for display in galleries and traditional artistic venues.
THBT on balance, the influence of the internet on journalism has been harmful to society
THS the rise of Syriza.
THBT the norm of having stay-at-home dads is better for the women's rights movement than that of both parents working

THBT, on balance, the rapid fall of oil prices has been beneficial to the West
THBT on balance, the international human rights regime has done more harm than good
THW ban religious and ideological schools
THW run simultaneously in or out referenda in all EU member states
THW ban Zwarte Piet (Black Pete)
TH, as the WTO, would allow poor countries to establish trade barriers
TH, as the USA, would put boots on the ground in Iraq
(paraphrased) THW ban automation
THW grant the unqualified right to assisted suicide to all mentally sound adults.
THW create public housing for the poor in wealthy areas
THBT US citizens should select Option B i.e. they should vote to publicly subject the kidnapped officials to enhanced interrogation techniques.
THBT States Should Destroy All Contemporary Works of Art (including but not limited to music, films and paintings) Created by Artists Convicted of Heinous Crimes.
THBT Western States Should Create LGBTQ* Schools
TH, as the human population of planet X, would choose communism over capitalism.
THBT low oil prices are good for the West (may not have been the exact wording)
THS the Creation of Feminist Parties.
THBT Western States Should Ban Depictions of the Prophet Muhammad (Peace be upon him)
THW nationalise all pharmaceutical companies in countries with a national health service.
TH, as the LGBT+ movement, regrets the decline of "gay areas" e.g. Soho, le marais and Chelsea
THW (partially) staff the police through a rotating National Service.
THBT states should aggressively pursue housing policy which promotes racial integration. e.g. through council housing allocations
THBT states when constructing tax policies should prioritise equality rather than economic growth
TH regrets the rise of the nation state
THBT the EU should openly fund secular, pro-democracy and pro-human rights political parties and civil society groups in countries with oppressive regimes
THBT the NAACP should publicly condemn white artists who appropriate black culture
THW require companies that produce pornography to be run by a co-operative of their female performers
THW transfer complete strategic control of the NHS to a body of experts, appointed by experienced medical practitioners and not accountable to Parliament (with info slide)
THBT Gov'ts should not publicly discuss anti-terror laws and state security in the wake of terrorist attacks
THBT even if human life could be extended indefinitely, society should choose to end their lives at 100 years
THBT that states should not commemorate the veterans of conflicts that are now considered to be unjustified
TH, as an up and coming female artist, would publically decline a leading role in a Roman Polanski film (with info slide)
THW criminalise the use and creation of unauthorised anonymous communication providers and network browsers (with info slide)
TH welcomes the rise of the far left in continental Europe (e.g. Syriza in Greece & Podemos in Spain)
THW allow single parents convicted of crimes to raise their children in prison
THW broadcast a welcome message to the alien spacecraft
"THBT all schools in Wales should teach subjects through the medium of
Welsh."
THW not give awards to music or film stars who have committed violent crimes
This House would allow euthanasia for consenting adults and children
This House believes that democratic countries should not allow family members of recent presidents to run for office
This House believes that the EU should introduce a unified tax system for companies
This House would ban the provision of amnesties for serious crimes commited during wartime
This House opposes organised religion
This House would cut all benefits from those able but unwilling to work
This House would make soldiers, upon return from the battlefield, take a pill that lets them forget about the war
This House believes that capitalism is absolutely incompatible with long term peace
THB existing welfare programs should be replaced by unconditional cash transfers. 
THB political polling and major election analytics do more harm than good. 
THW not let cities use public funds to construct stadiums for professional sports teams. 
THB the U.S. should impose substantial tarriffs on Chinese goods until China ceases all currency manipulation. 
THR the success of white artists who co-opt minority dominated music subcultures (e.g. Rap, jazz, hip-hop, etc.)
THW hold govrenment officials criminally responsible for severe harm to citizens resulting from grossly negligent public policy. 
THR the rise of Choice Feminism. 
THB the EU should revoke membership status of any state that withdraws from the Schengen Agreement. 
THR "True Crime" entertainment. (e.g. Making a Murderer, American Crime Story: The People vs. OJ Simpson, Serial, etc.)
Assuming a deal were offered, TH as Edward Snowden would take a short prison sentence in order to return to the US
THR the Valorisation of the 1916 Rising
THB former colonial powers should pay reparations to their former colonies
THW posthumously strip Kevin Carter of the Pulitzer Prize
THB African countries with AIDS crises should sue the Catholic church
Assuming some willingly do this already, TH as a super-powered individual would unmask and register
Assuming the land and resources are available, THW establish an independent state for women
THBT the EU should guarantee membership to seceding regions of member states
THW grant prison wardens the right to extend prison sentences as a punishment (with info slide)
THBT the USA should publicly cease its efforts to prevent Iran from developing Nuclear Weapons
THW force fathers to take paternity leave
THW aggressively stream children from an early age, according to academic ability
THBT political parties' electoral campaigns should only be funded by the state.
THW introduce correct porn viewing lessons in schools.
THW create a Pan Scandinavian-Baltic military alliance.
TH, as a Jew, would leave Europe for Israel.
THW allow long-time cheated spouses to sue the third party for damages.
THBT the amount of clothes a person can own should be capped.
THBT European officials should not have released the fact that the downing of flight 4U9525 was deliberate.
THS establishing an independent state of Kurdistan. 
THW measure gross national happiness and base policy decisions on those measurements. 
THW disallow exclusive private arbitration for contracts between corporations and individuals. 
Setting aside infectious diseases, THW work to prevent interaction with tribes who have not had contact with the modern world. 
THW prohibit religious institutions from considering applicants' religious affiliation for any position whose primary function is not the performance of religious rites (e.g. administrators, teachers, fundraisers, etc.)
THB prominent civil society activists should choose not to run for public office
THBT social media companies (like Google, Facebook or Twitter) should self-censor their content in order to be permitted by authoritarian countries
THBT national sporting associations should give a lifetime ban to any player convicted of a serious violent crime
THBT The LGBT movement should abandon the born this way rhetoric
THBT videos of graphic terrorist atrocities should not be broadcast
THBT developing countries should refuse to sign any trade treaty which contains ISDS
THR The Use of Medical Data From Nazi Experiments
TH as US goverment prefers low oil prices (paraphrased)
THS establishing an independent state of Kurdistan.
THW measure gross national happiness and base policy decisions on those measurements.
THW disallow exclusive private arbitration for contracts between corporations and individuals.
Setting aside infectious diseases, THW work to prevent interaction with tribes who have not had contact with the modern world.
THW prohibit religious institutions from considering applicants’ religious affiliation for any position whose primary function is not the performance of religious rites (e.g., administrators, teachers, fundraisers, etc.).
THBT prominent civil society activists should choose not to run for public office.
THW abolish the use of referenda
THBT the former Eastern bloc countries should not emphasize their history of struggle against Russian imperialism in constructing their national identity
THW ban private & public initiatives to search for extra-terrestial intelligence
THBT the introduction of the Euro was not in Germany’s interest
THW force all universities to make their lectures free for all and available online
THR the creation of the Western canon
THW allow countries to pay other countries to settle asylum-seekers who reach their borders
In an ideal feminist world, this house prefers a societal norm of having stay at home dads to a societal norm of having both parents working
This house supports a heavy-handed military response to xenophobic violence
TH regrets the rise of the certified artist (as certified through official art schools, degrees, or programmes
As a black middle-class South African, this house would vote ANC
Assuming that technology existed that would allow one to transfer years of their natural life (the time one would live, if not cut down unnaturally by disease or accident
This house would not use images of gratuitous violence as means for political mobilisation
This house believes that foreign mercenaries, employed by the West, should unionise
THBT nearby mens and womens prisons should set up regularly scheduled inter-prison activities, including the provision of private rooms for sexual intercourse.
THW grant independence to [OG picks]
THW give development aid only to countries which commit to and demonstrate the implementation of humanitarian values consistent with that of the donor country (for example LGBT rights, women´s rights)
THW ban the display of art created with the intented purpose or reasonably likely outcome of creating offence
Assuming that a minimum standard of welfare has been achieved, THBT states should make no further attempt to reduce inequality.
THBT it is in the interest of the European Union that the United Kingdom leaves
TH regrets the approach taken by prominent business women of giving advice on succeeding in the business world as it is rather than highlighting the need to drastically change that world
THW weight the votes of people within demographic groupings to represent the relative size of each grouping within the general population, not just those who vote (Demographic groupings are characteristics such as race, gender, wealth, age)
Assuming a technology exists which causes people contemplating committing violent crimes to feel nausea and pain, rendering them unable to think about or commit a crime
THW legalise squatting
THBT FIFA should comply with the demand that they suspend Israel’s membership of FIFA until Israel allows Palestine to freely compete in international football
THBT the Turkish government should actively encourage Turkish migrants living in Europe to return to Turkey
THBT the State should pay for the education of all students at all levels
THW remove all legal barriers on the selection of embryo’s (including but not limited to selecting on gender, physical or mental disability, etc.)
THBT newlyweds should take a Rumspringa after one year of marriage
THW renationalise essential services that were previously privatised (such as water, electricity and gas)
THW produce a telenovella about Ataturk’s life that seeks to glorify Kemalism
THBT monogamy is outdated (Long term exclusive relationships).
TH prefers that European Jews immigrate to Israel.
THW give the Commission of Future Generations a veto over legislation.
THW found a state for African Americans, as the 51st American state.
TH regrets the classification of human behaviors (Such as depression, eating disorders, etc.) as diseases.
THW compel all students returning from educational tours in the Nazi extermination camps to participate in an educational tour with the organization “Breaking Silence” (An organization which criticizes IDF actions)
THW compel large companies with paid internship programs (Such as McKinsey and Google) to accept a quota of אוכלוסיות מוחלשות as interns.
THW give higher primates protections similar to those given to refugees.
THW accept Intel’s proposal.
THW, as Japan, ban geishas.
THW require men to take paternity leave
THW ban strikes in times of economic instability
THBT states should ban their citizens from travelling as tourists to countries with poor human rights record
THW ban convicted criminals from holding elected office
THW introduce mandatory military service
TH, as police forces, would accept applicants with a criminal record.
THBT a referendum on Scotland’s independence should include all UK citizens.
TH, as the WW2 Allies, would emphasize the contribution of the Red Army to defeat the Nazis
This house would rather declaration of inconsistency than judicial supremacy.
This house believes that every vote in parliament (EU, State…) should be behind the veil of ignorance.
THW only give unemployment benefits to individuals if they agreed to relocate to areas where employment is significantly more likely
THW require superheroes to publicly reveal their identities
TH, as a Jeff Gordon, would publicly come out
TH, as Harry Potter, would have used The Imperius Curse on Voldemort and control him to do good for the society
THW criminalize the use of deep web regardless of the content it is used for
THR the glorification of startup culture
This House as the President of the United States would opt to destroy the alien ship.
THS the use of signature strikes as part of American military policy.
THW require that all international debt bailout agreements are approved by a referendum of the country receiving that bailout
THW tax low-brow entertainment (e.g WWE wrestling, Keeping Up with The Kardashians, mainstream popular music) in order to subsidise high-brow art (e.g. Shakespeare, Bach, some arthouse film)
THBT a simple majority of the legislature of an established democracy should be able to change or overturn any piece of legislation (including constitutions)
THW ban working more than 35 hours a week (with no exceptions).
THW give control over all aspects education policy to local authorities
THR the perception of soldiers as heroes.
THW heavily subsidize art that glorifies the working class.
THW assess pupils on individual academic development instead of standardized examination results.
THBT social media should remove content it deems to be offensive to religions.
THR SCOTUS’s decision to legalize same sex marriage.
THW Create Special School for LGBT+ Youths
THBT democracies should give migrant workers a vote in national elections
Assuming the owners of Ashley Madison refuse to shut down the website, TH as the Impact Team would release the user data
THBT leaders of minority religions within Europe should strongly encourage their congregations to refrain from overt public displays of their faith (assuming theologically possible
THW grant artists a percentage of the resale value of their artwork (the amount the art is sold on for if and when the initial inquirer decides to sell it on
THBT the NAACP should have encouraged Rachel Dolezal to stay on as the Spokane chapter President
TH Regrets that South Africa did not turn Omar Al-Bashir over to the International Criminal Court
THBT the International Monetary Fund should require collateral for national bailouts.
THBT South Africa should ban apartheid symbols and flags, along with those of other oppressive regimes.
This House would heavily financially incentivise companies to take current prisoners as interns or apprentices
This House, as a vegan, would actively and persistently seek to convert those around you to veganism or vegetarianism
This House regrets the large number of UN resolutions issued against Israel (with info slide)
This House would disproportionately hire African Americans in the US police force
This House opposes the commodification of feminism (with info slide)
THW criminalize the buyer and not the seller of sexual services.
THBT western liberal democracies should replace their aid programs with an "effective altruism" tax, and give revenue to the most effective available non-governmental organisations or charities.
THW allow victims to significantly reduce the sentence of their wrongdoers.
THW prefer a world in which all art were anonymous over a world where it were always attributed to the artist.
The European Council comprises the heads of state of the member states of the EU, along with the council’s own president and the president of the commission M
THBT states should provide citizens with an unconditional income that ensures a lower-middle class standard of living, regardless of their employment status
Assuming that the technology existed, THW erase history from our collective memory.
THBT the media should not report on the personal lives of politicians
THS the use of Sanctuary City Policies by US cities
THW Require all school history curricular to focus 50% of their time and resources on women
THBT the South Korean Government should break up Chaebol conglomerates
THBT, in new democracies, military leaders should not be allowed to run for public office
TH, as Dr Bob Hare, would not make the pyschopathy checklist publicly available
THW use NATO forces to defend sites of significant cultural and historical importance from permanent destruction
This House would pay all elected politicians the median wage in their country.
This House believes that when multi-national corporations conduct any business in Western states, these nations should enforce their environmental standards at all stages of production.
This House believes that Western states should not use private military contractors in combat.
This House would ban any treatment, service or ritual from claiming a physical healing effect until it is tested and proven more effective than a placebo by a national regulator.
This House believes that the European Union should lift its arms embargo on China.
This House would only allow the media and campagning organisations to depict or publish information about the deceased in a tragedy with the explicit permission of the family.
TH believes that the West should stop all attempts to gather information or intelligence by deception and/or coercion of foreign citizens
TH believes that it is legitimate for individuals to punish people they deem to have committed online harassment by revealing their identity online.
THW introduce a 100% inheritance tax
TH would legalise surrogacy for profit in Western Liberal Democracies
TH would introduce a mandatory term of at least 1 year of non-military national service for 18year olds
TH would allow EU citizens to donate to political parties in any EU state
TH believes that parents of a musical child genius have a moral obligation to push that child to maximise their musical potential.
TH would prohibit businesses from taking a public position on social issues
TH would require all defendants in criminal cases to be represented only by state-employed lawyers.
TH would treat the deaths of soldiers as regrettable losses of lives rather than examples of heroism.
THW tax religious institutions at the same levels as for-profit businesses.
TH welcomes the rise of Anti-Establishment Candidates, such as Bernie Sanders, Donald Trump, and Jeremy Corbyn.
THS the leaking of Ashley Madison data
THW prohibit the transfer of football players outside their home leagues until the age of 26.
TH, as Iran, would covertly continue developing its nuclear weapons program.
THBT Serbia and FYR Macedonia should immediately close their borders to asylum seekers and undocumented migrants.
THBT Greece should return to the Drachma
THW prioritize support of domestic reporters in areas of conflict over the use of Western reporting
THW ban private schools
THS government collection of private information as a security measure
THW abolish industry awards (i.e. the Oscars, the Emmys, etc.)
THW only give aid to devleoping countries that have good environmental policy. 
THW enforce a Cap and Trade system for refugee quotas.
THS the use of feminist narratives in advertising for beauty products
THR the prominence of professional sports in American pop culture.
THW ban religious K-12 schools
THBT voters should be able to override the votes of their elected representatives on individual bills by two-thirds or greater referendum.
THBT developed nations should pay reparations to developing nations that have experienced significant adverse consequences from climate change
TH rejects the media's intentional humanization of those responsible for heinous acts or crimes.
THBT the US should join the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank
Given the existence of a drug that dramatically increases mental capacity, THBT universities should ban and test for student use of the drug.
THBT American feminists have an obligation to vote for a female presidential candidate. 
THW not vote for protest candidates in primary elections. 
THW legalize graffiti in public spaces
THBT the EU should offer Greece full debt relief in exchange for its housing at least 200,000 Syrian refugees.
THW require approval from local referenda for all major land development decisions (e.g stadiums, airport extensions, railways etc.)
THS the July 2015 decision of the UK government to deny a visa to Tyler the Creator
THBT the West should abandon its foreign policy aim of removing Assad from power
THW allow asylum seekers to work
THBT the government should only fund further education courses that have high graduate employment rates
THBT political parties’ Cabinets and Shadow Cabinets should be elected by the members of that party
THR the overwhelming narrative of good triumphing over evil in children’s entertainment
THW ban companies from using fear as a tactic in advertising. 
THBT the police should work with hacktivists
THO the notion that marriage is meant to be long-lasting
Assuming Russia agrees to help fight ISIS, TH, as the US, would cease funding to Syrian rebel groups
THO films/TV shows that depict a minority narrative through a white heteronormative lense
THR the rise of the sharing economy
THBT treasure hunters should have possession of any artefacts they find
THBT individuals should not share their political views on social media platforms
THW cap every company's highest salary at 10x the lowest salary within that company.
In countries with few female politicians, THBT it is good to have a politically active First Lady.
THW introduce a tax on "low brow" entertainment in order to subsidise "high brow" art.
THBT criminal justice policy should be outsourced to technocrats instead of elected representatives.
TH as Western Countries ( EU, US, Canada, Australia) would stop selling arms to Saudi Arabia.
THBT militaries should aggressively engage in the genetic and bionic enhancement of consenting soldiers.
THBT the US and it's allies should announce Intentions to capture and try, as opposed to assassinate the leaders of Da'esh (IS)
THBT developed nations should abolish all protectionist trade policies
THBT sports leagues with systems of promotion and relegation are good for fans. 
THBT the transgender movement should leave the LGBTQ movement
Deaf culture is the set of social beliefs, behaviours, art, literary traditions, history, values and shared institutions of communities that are influenced by deafness and which use sign languages as the main means of communication. As a hearing parent of a deaf child, THW choose to mainstream your child to the exclusion of participation in deaf culture. 


THW abolish all US military aid to Saudi Arabia.
THW give women two votes in political elections
THBT law enforcement organisations should never provide incentives to gang members to inform on their superiors (e.g. plea bargains or monetary rewards)
TH regrets the decline in oil prices over the last 18 months
THBT Donald Trump’s presidential campaign is good for America
THW allow countries to pay other countries to settle refugees who reach their borders
THBT countries, like Switzerland, that were neutral in WW II should pay financial reparations to states occupied by the Nazis
THBT the state should reclaim a fixed proportion of all charitable giving and redistribute it to other charities on the basis of their effectiveness
THBT the trans movement should actively seek to separate themselves, their issues and their collective identity from the LGBTQ movement in their campaigns and in the public consciousness
THW prefer a world in which there are no extreme emotions such as boiling rage, falling madly in love, extreme grief etc
THW require a turnout quota be met to legitimize elections. 
THBT prominent female athletes should reject offers to play in professional male leagues. 
THW suspend the domestic operations of companies that actively conceal violations of major environmental regulations.
TH regrets the decline of formal participation in religious institutions. 
TH, as Japan, would remove Article 9 from its constitution. 
THW privatize Petrobras.
Given the existence of a drug that eliminates fear with minimal to no side effects, THW let soldiers opt into using it. 
THW compel colleges to pay athletes as professionals (with info slide)
THBT the EU should enforce freedom of movement within current Schengen countries (with info slide)
TH supports Lean In feminism (with info slide)
THW ban adoption agencies which select families on religious grounds
THBT states should strive to reduce inequality even after everyone has enough for an acceptable quality of life
THW allow students to vote on the curriculum they are taught in schools
THW fine news organisations who consistently fail to meet a standard of fair and balanced reporting.
THW require gaming companies to offer their products free of charge to women, in cases where there is a significant gender disparity in consumption.
THW abolish and ban all agricultural subsidies in the European Union.
Assuming you would not be found out, in the event of a terrorist attack on EU soil committed by Islamist extremists, THW fabricate evidence that the attack was committed by the dominant ethnic and socio-economic group, e.g. white Anglo-Saxons.

THW impose sanctions on Erdogan's AKP government.
THBT the concept of "safe spaces" has no place in any academic activity or environment.
THW ban cosmetic surgery
THBT African countries should adopt English as the principal language of instruction in schools
THW only fund medicine based on its impact on Quality Adjusted Life Years (with info slide)
TH, as the West, would cooperate with Russia in its military intervention in Syria (with info slide)
THBT the media should not report on the private lives of politicians
THBT female game designers should prioritise over everything else the creation of female characters
THW ban scientific research into the genetics of race
This House Would Ban Religious Primary and Secondary Schools
This house believes US immigration policy should only prioritise merit-based standards of acceptance over the reunification of families.
This house would end penalty enhancements for hate crimes.
This House believes that Western Liberal Democracies should boycott the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
This house would allow opponents of abortion to sign legally-binding contracts with pregnant women, in which they pay those pregnant women not to have an abortion.
THW accept 'I was only following orders' as a defence in war crimes trials
THR the institutions of marriage and civil partnership
THW create and enforce filial responsibility laws (mandating that people take care of their parents)" - or words to that effect
THR the rise of mega-cities
THBT after 50 years of ownership the state should have the right to repossess all works of painting or sculpture for the purpose of public display
A new planet has been discovered identical to Earth. 1 of 2 systems can be implemented on this planet (or words to that effect). THW implement communism over capitalism.
THW aggressively prioritize women for military leadership positions
THW provide a universal basic income
THS the Animal Liberation Front
THW regularly publish the proposed content of international trade deals throughout the entire negotiation process
THW remove tax-exempt status from religious institutions.
Assuming a low probability of detection, THS scientists who falsify data in order to exagerrate the harms of climate change.
TH, as Taiwan, would cease efforts to develop deeper economic, cultural, and diplomatic ties with mainland China.
THW enforce Ulysses contracts
THBT India should discourage arranged marriages
THW only invest in those African countries that put adequate effort into the protection of biological diversity
(Open motion) THW sacrifice anything for safety
THW offer temporary tax relief  to Baltic emigrants coming back home
TH, as NATO, W not offer assistance in case of the armed forces of Russia entering any of the Baltic states
THW impose gender and racial quotas in government cabinets
Assuming we live in a world where superheroes exist, THW require superheroes to publicly reveal their identities
THW pay a living wage to stay-at-home parents
THBT environmentalists should launch violent campaigns against major polluting companies
THW dramatically reduce the patent life on life saving drugs
This house believes that medical staff should be able to opt out of providing treatments on religious or ethical grounds
This house regrets the eastward expansion of the European Union during and since 2004
This house would prefer a world without religious beliefs
This house believes that Israel should have continued the occupation of Gaza
This house believes that educational institutions should never attempt to restrict the freedom of expression of students or staff (except when mandated by law)
This House Regrets the perception that soldiers are heroes
THBT Saudi Arabia should limit participation in the Hajj to the citizens of countries that are committed to taking direct action against IS
THR the partition of India
TH Opposes the Sharing Economy
THBT the international community should pay countries near to conflict zones to process, settle and restrict the further movement of refugees
TH, as an individual feminist, would boycott tinder
THW publish all salaries
THW pay direct reparations to the descendants of slaves in the United States
TH, with the exception of news reporting, would not allow anyone to publish or profit off accounts of violent criminals' crimes.
TH opposes the search for a cure to autism
You are a female Democratic candidates running in the general election for President of the U.S. The results are extremely close going into the vote. One of your staffers tells you, with certainty, that they can right the election of your favour with little chance of detection. THW do it.
TH prefers a world where memories and accurately recorded and available for external playback.
THW abolish all rent control laws.
THBT no media should ever be allowed to endorse any candidates in democratic elections.
THW ban religious proselytization in prisons.
THBT all self-driven cars must use the same government-mandated algorithm to solve the "trolley problem."
THW prefer the creation of class-based affirmative action programs over race-based affirmative action programs at higher education institutions.
This house prefers direct intervention of Western nations over backing of non-state actors in armed conflicts.
THW abolish all publicly accessible sex offender registries
THS a single-payer healthcare system.
This house believes that standardized testing, as a requirement for admission to universities, does more harm than good
This house would institute a mandatory retirement age for politicians
This house believes that Britain should pay reparations to Jamaica
THBT governments should place no restrictions on how welfare payments, excluding child benefit, are spent.
THBT social disgust is sufficient justification for censoring art.
THW legally permit soldiers to refuse to participate in military actions or missions on the basis of conscience.
THBT states should take high numbers of refugees, even when faced with strong democratic opposition.
THBT Britain should pay reparations to its former colonies.
THR the Rise of the Rom-Com Genre.
THS the rise of homeschooling among minority communities
THBT environmental refugees should be granted citizenship in countries that have contributed most heavily to global pollution
THBT minority groups seeking public support for equal rights should emphasize distinct cultures over similarity to the mainstream.
THW financially assist inner-city neighbourhoods in order to prevent gentrification, for instance by subsidizing mixed-income housing over public housing projects.
THBT all democracies should ban relatives of past office holders from running for election
THS genderless parenting
THBT the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) should have its own regional peacekeeping force.
THBT private education institutions should facilitate student demands for spaces of protest to be kept free of media
THW ban plea bargaining
THS the use of coercive economic and diplomatic measures against states in which serious environmental damange to natural resources of share global importance is occurring
THW ban surgical genital alteration procedures for minors that are not strictly medically necessary for bodily or sexual function
TH welcomes the rise of for-profit education in developing countries
THW ban the use of religious rhetoric and symbols in political campaigns
TH supports a three-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflcit
THBT retribution should not be a part of the criminal justice system. 
THB abortions that are based on the fetus showing signs of non-fatal physical and developmental disabilities
THS universal jurisdiction for crimes against humanity.
THW allow the trophy hunting of endangered animals
THW programme self-driving cars to prioritise the number of lives saved when faced with unavoidable collisions as opposed to prioritising the safety of the driver.
THW ban the Orange Walk
THBT LGBTQ+ campaigns should criticise the nuclear family
THBT African Union states should withdraw from the International Criminal Court and set up an African alternative
THBT when faced with the choice between spending discretionary income on non-essentials or giving to charity, individuals should always choose to give to charity
THW allow mental health charities to sue media outlets for the defamation of the mentally ill
THBT the Parliamentary Labour Party should immediately depose Jeremy Corbyn by a vote of no confidence
THBT the USA should publicly apologise for the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
THR the Narrative of the American Dream.
THB The State Should Not Attach any Legal or Fiscal Privileges to the Family Unit (e.g tax breaks, spousal exemptions etc)
THR The Fall of the Galactic Empire.
THW Introduce an Excise Tax on Tabloids to Finance a Subsidy of Broadsheet.
THW exclude Turkey from NATO if it Continues Bombing Kurdish Troops in Syria and Iraq.
THR the Negative Connotations Surrounding Creating Art for the Primary Purpose of Profit.
THW Ban Mens’ Rights Activist Groups.
THR the Narrative of Having one Great Calling or Purpose in Life.
TH as the Republican National Committee Would Literally Kick Donald Trump out of the Republican Party.
THW allow states to use mercenary forces in combat roles in active military operations
THW prohibit private ownership of art deemed to be culturally or historically significant
THBT all states should collectively aggregate and evenly distribute all revenue from mineral wealth globally on a per capita basis
THBT governments with racially diverse populations should never record the ethnic or racial background of their residents
THBT the US should withdraw from East Asia and cede regional hegemony to China.
THBT states should adopt sunset clauses that legally force them to review and either re-authorize or revise their constitutions every generation
TH supports stronger collective bargaining rights and protections rather than legislated labor market regulations (e.g., wage levels and working conditions)
THBT the creation of feminist icons and their cults of personality are good for the feminist movement
THBT criminal punishments should be based only on the offenders' culpability rather than the damages caused by the criminal act or other outcomes derived from the punishment
TH would retrospectively criminalise excessively risky management practises for economically significant corporations and prosecute the executives responsible for them.
THBT campaigners for refugee protection should not use pictures displaying the graphic suffering of refugees as part of their advocacy.
THW prefer a world in which extremely wealthy people in Western liberal states donate excess money to their governments rather than to charities
THB the West should prioritize stability over exporting democracy in foreign policy
TH supports the decline of the nations-state's power in an increasingly globalized world.
Assuming the technology to do so easily and safely exists, THW force everyone in society to undergo periodic sex changes.
THW kill baby Hitler
TH regrets mainstream, commercial films that depict historical subjugation and/or crimes against humanity.
TH would nationalize all systemically important financial institutions, such as banks and insurance companies.
TH supports the establishment of a Black secessionary state within the territory of the United States, the founding of which is supported by the American government.
THBT non-western countries who were once colonized, when fabricating the material culture of national identity (anthems, street names, holidays, flag, etc.) should privilege pre colonial history and notions of indigeneity over themes of anti colonial resistance.
THBT the world's poor would be justified in pursuing complete Marxist revolution.
This House Would Not Provide State Funding for Art Based Higher Education, eg. art, music, drama.
This House Supports Politicians Passing Progressive Legislation, Even When it is Contrary to the Wishes of the Democratic Electorate
THBT it is in the interest of the Conservative Government to impose a travel ban on Donald Trump
THW make the use of armed drones a war crime
THW ban TV programmes and entertainment media from portraying convicted criminals as innocent
THW trigger a general election when a country goes into recession
THW exclusively fund domestic NGOs in developing countries as opposed to western NGOs working in developing countries
TH, as a progressive female candidate, would not use conventional gender roles (e.g. marketing oneself as a mother or a wife) as a tactic in political campaign
TH supports the introduction of bystander laws
Semi-Final: THBT the USA should make Taiwanese independence a major foreign-policy aim
Open Final: THW conscientiously object in situations of war
THW require that companies with >15 employees give 50% of their voting rights to employees
THS Chris Rock’s continued commitment to host the Oscars
THR the Arab Spring
THW ban eminent domain rights
THW prefer a world without pornography
THBT developing nations should enshrine legally actionable socioeconomic rights
THBT unconditional cash transfer charities are preferable to project based charities
Given the technological capability to disable their nuclear weapons, THW invade North Korea.
THW break up the eurozone
THW ban savior siblings
TH regrets campaigns by feminists to shut down female empowerment events exclusively for cis women, like Michfest.
You have invented a pill that would compel the user to tell the truth. THW destroy it.
TH Supports Voluntourism
THBT it is in the UK's interest to leave the EU
THW ban boarding schools
THW introduce mixed-gender low security prisons
THBT student unions should not take political positions that do not directly pertain to tertiary education
This house believes that young, educated people in Western countries should focus their charitable efforts (e.g., volunteering, donations, etc.) towards benefiting the disadvantaged in their own country, as opposed to in the developing world.
This house believes that the Labour Party should have worked to rehabilitate Tony Blair’s image in its campaigning, prior to the 2015 General Election.
This house believes that governments should promote, support, and incentivise students to attend MOOCs instead of Universities.
This house believes that the global Anglican church should split into two churches, rather than maintain a single communion.
This house would allow people to opt into religious structures with the power to punish them in this life (e.g., Beth Din courts, or Sharia courts) for infractions.
THW pay reparations to women
THBT the Cultural Trend Of "Selfies" Has Been Good For Women
THS The Depiction Of The USSR as Absolutely Evil
THW Only Direct European Investment Fund Money to States That Agree to Take a Share of Refugees Proportional to Their Share of EU GDP
THBT Governments Ought To Use The Technology To Detect The “Criminal Gene”.
THW Permit The Cloning Of Genius And Extraordinary Individuals For The Good Of The Society
TH Prefers a Multipolar World To US Hegemony
THBT All Countries Should Forcibly Redistribute Land Ownership So That at Least 50% Of It Is Owned By Women
THW actively reward the use of Hiberno-English in schoolwork and examinations. 
THW make Ulysses contracts enforceable by the courts.
THW genetically engineer major meat animals not to feel pain. 
THS the concept of orgasm intervention. 
TH, as an individual with strong and deeply held convictions, would die for their cause.
This House Would Ban All Lobbying Activity
THW Allow Deaf Parents to Refuse Treatment for Deafness On Behalf of their Children
THBT strong dictatorships in the Middle East are better than weak democracies
This House as the LGBTQIA Community Would Oppose Pornography
This House Opposes Laicité
THB in the use of fear to instill values in children
TH Supports Hacking as a Form of Protest
There exists a drug that increases empathy in individuals. TH, as the state, would lace their country's water supply with that drug.
THW Welcome the End of American Intervention
THBT government authorities, being the police, should preserve illegal art as evidence for prosecution of the artists responsible.
THBT, in developing nations with an ineffectual state school system, the government should financially incentivise (e.g through tax breaks) the creation of private schools
THBT it is never a legitimate economic strategy for a state to become a tax haven.
This House Would introduce Proportional Representation in UK general elections."
This House would allow offenders serving a prison term of ten or more years to opt to remain in prison indefinitely beyond their court appointed release date.
This House believes that the US and UK should cease selling arms to Saudi Arabia until they withdraw from Yemen.
This House believes that LGBT+ advocacy groups and lobbyists should publicly fight for reparations for the victims, and the families of victims, of the AIDS epidemic.
This House regrets Aung San Suu Kyi's declaration of intention to control the National League of Democracy (NLD) despite being constitutionally barred from running for president.
This House prefers a world where the conception of the afterlife is based on karmic balance, rather than divine mercy
This house would not wear a poppy.
This house supports the Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions movement.
This house regrets South Africa's Rainbow Nation narrative (long prep).
This House Believes the Eurozone should adopt a policy of fiscal union.
This House supports the Lean In movement.
This House believes that the Britain Stronger in Europe campaign should pursue a 'Project Fear' strategy of negative campaigning similar to Better Together* in the upcoming referendum.
This House would welcome a resurgence of Pink Tide Values in Latin American Politics.
TH Supports the proliferation of free schools
THIS HOUSE WOULD require all government ministers to have majority approval from the professional bodies their department has legislative responsibility for. (For example, the UK Minister for Health would need majority approval from the British Medical Association)
Assuming there are actors who fit the criteria: THIS HOUSE BELIEVES That film directors have a moral obligation to cast actors who share key lived experiences with the characters they play.
THIS HOUSE BELIEVES That western liberal democracies should cease all direct military action in Iraq, Syria, Libya and Yemen.
THIS HOUSE WOULD Make corporation tax proportional to company wage ratios
THW Introduce a system of tradable quotas for asylum seekers in the European Union
THW Prefer to live in A Brave New World
THW Introduce a system of tradable quotas for asylum seekers in the European Union
THBT The USA should adopt a parliamentary democracy rather than a presidential one.
THW Allow individuals to sign contracts which cede future rights of theirs to other individuals (for example, to sell themselves into slavery)
THW ban religious or faith-based rehabilitation programmes in prison
THW provide financial incentives (e.g. tax breaks) to companies that require skilled labour who hire non-graduates.
THBT characters with disabilities in film and television should always be played by individuals with disabilities.
THR the criminalization of the reckless transmission of sexual infections (e.g. HIV, herpes and gonorrhoea) in England and Wales
"Your 'one true soulmate' exists. There is a test that allows you to determine whether someone is your one true soulmate. You are in love with the person you have been dating for a while.
THW take the test to determine whether the person you are in love with is your 'soulmate'"
THBT the governments of Europe should censor media from publishing articles, videos or cartoons which promote racist views or stereotypes.
This house believes that parliamentary electoral systems should include constituency links.
THB that MGM Studios should cast a male as the sexual interest of the next Bond film.
TH would begin writing only in your first language.
THB that Western states should engage in covert cyber-attacks against infrastructure designed to limit freedom of speech* in authoritarian states. *e.g., the Great Firewall of China
TH supports climate change activists engaging in acts, regardless of legality, which cause mass disruption to carbon-intensive infrastructure networks.
THW only allow the media to publish or broadcast government produced releases on suspected terrorist attacks.
THBT the Brazillian government should encourage and facilitate the integration of uncontacted peoples into wider society.
THW create and fund schools that exclusively admit children from ethnic minorities.
THBT Ukraine should introduce mandatory military service
THW democratically elect members of constitutional courts (sometimes called "Supreme Courts")
THBT mainstream media should stop reporting on information from wikileaks
THW ban alchocol in all former soviet states
THBT the Nobel prize in literature should be decided by members of the public rather than a panel of experts
THBT the EU should grant Ukraine membership and the necessary funding in exchange for hosting all refugees seeking asylum in the EU
THBT the state should criminalize the seeking of mail-order brides
THW ban fortune telling
THW directly elect the members of the US Supreme Court
THBT schools should motivate children to believe that anyone can succeed through hard work regardless of their background
THW grant those diagnosed with terminal illnesses the right to access treatments that have not completed clinical testing
THBT post conflict governments should recruit rebel soldiers into state armies
THW would allow the armed forces to unionise, strike, and collectively bargain
THW allow individuals to sell their right to sue to a third party
THW enact an immediate democracy
THR the rise of dating apps (e.g. Tinder, Grindr, Hitch, Hinge,etc.)
THBT continued membership in the UN should be contingent on countries opting into universal jurisdiction. 
TH, as a minority parent in North America, would teach their kids not to trust the justice system, or figures of legal authority (e.g. police, judges, state prosecutors, etc.)
TH would prefer the reclamation of disputed monuments (e.g. the Rhodes Status at Oxford, Voertrekker Monuments in South Africa, Yakusuni Shrine in Japan, etc.) to their destruction. 
THS legal abortions for men. 
THW preference a strong social media over a physical presence in protest culture. 
TH, as the Nicaraguan people, opposes the construction of the Nicaraguan Canal. 
THW prefer a world in which people are sedated to experience only mild emotions. 
This House would ban essential service providers from striking
This House believes that the music press should publish unrepresentatively negative reviews of the music of artists whose conduct they view as reprehensible
This House believes that supreme/constitutional courts should not have the power to strike down legislation
To proselytise means to attempt to convert others to your beliefs. This House believes that atheists should proselytise
This House, as the West, would immediately end all sanctions against Russia
This House believes that the British Museum should give all artifacts to the nations where they originated
For the purposes of this debate, the American Dream refers to the socially widespread belief that individuals can improve their circumstances through hard work, and that one can become successful regardless of their background. This House regrets the American Dream.
THBT websites such as Sci-Hub cause more harm than good.
THW allow companies to buy the rights to govern economically failing cities.
The U.S. Kill list is a highly classified list of primarily terrorist target. Targets, include both US and non-US citizens, that the US Government seeks to assassinate using covert operations, drone strikes and other means. TH supports the aims of the U.S. “Kill list”.
In Northern Ireland same sex marriage is illegal. Northern Ireland only permits abortions if the continuance of the pregnancy is proven to threaten the life of the mother. THW automatically extend Westminster Policies on Human Rights and anti-discrimination issues to Northern Ireland. This includes, but is not limited to, same sex marriage and abortion.
You are a working class voter in a swing seat constituency between high-welfare, high-taxation party and a low-welfare, low-taxation party. THW vote for low-wlfare, low-taxation party.
THW abolish state primaries in US presidential elections.
TH supports western feminists wearing the headscarf in solidarity with Muslim women who wear the hijab who have faced islamophobia.
THW replace means tested welfare with a regular, unconditional and Universal Basic Income paid by the State to all residents.
THW Allow convicts who are parents to raise their children in prison.
THB School History curricula should teach a unanimously and graphically negative account of the impacts of Western colonialism.
The Pirate bay is a website where users illegally download copyrighted material such as music, films and video games. Attempts have been made by numerous governments to shut it down. TH Supports the Pirate Bay.
THW Ban all advertising.
THW Celebrate Furiosa from Mad Max: Fury Road as a feminist Icon.
TH rejects the right to privacy.
TH welcomes the proliferation of porn online.
THW remove 'Gone with The Wind' from the National Film Registry
THBT the UN Should unilterally recognise Catalan independence.
THW Ban research on genome editing.
As a democratic state that has come under unprovoked nuclear attack from another democratic state THW launch a nuclear counter-attack.
THS the extra-judicial killing of a state's citizens, by that state, where there is reason to suspect they are involved in the planning or carrying out of terrorist activities, and arrest is not possible.
THS People's Quantitative Easing.
Superior Orders is a plea in a court of law that a person not be held guilty for actions that were ordered by a superior officer, but are criminal. It cannot be applied to actions that are manifestly unlawful (e.g. genocide or crimes against humanity). TH Accepts the defense of Superior Orders.
THBT Britain should leave the EU.
THW abolish private home ownership.
Tiger parenting is a strict or demanding style of parenting focused on pushing children to high levels of achievement. It is characterised by a strong routine (e.g. compulsory homework time), high expectations and physiological control through both positive (e.g. praise/encouragement) and negative (e.g. threats, criticism) means. TH supports Tiger Parenting.
THBT the United States should abolish political parties.
THBT Saudi Arabia should privatise Saudi Aramco and list it on the NY Stock Exchange.
THW ban private political donations, and fund all political parties and campaigns from general taxation.
THW not allow workers to renounce their employment rights (e.g. holiday pay, defined working hours, sick pay, minimum wage) in return for work experience or financial benefit.
THBT Oskar Gröning should not have been prosecuted.
THBT European Leaders should not have agreed to renegotiate the terms of Britain's EU membership.
THBT it is legitimate to release the unpublished personal memoirs of deceased public figures, even when this is against the express wishes of the individual or their family.
THW ban private political donations, and fund all political parties and campaigns from general taxation.
THW not allow workers to renounce their employment rights (e.g. holiday pay, defined working hours, sick pay, minimum wage) in return for work experience or financial benefit.
Oskar Gröning chose to join the SS during the 1940s, and was positioned at Auschwitz concentration camp as a financial clerk. After the end of the war, he remained silent about his experiences for forty years. In response to Holocaust denial by a number of authoritative and well-known individuals, he spoke about his experiences and actions, highlighting the horrors that occurred. This contributed to a decision of the German government to prosecute him as an accessory to murder in 300,000 cases. THBT Oskar Gröning should not have been prosecuted.
THBT European Leaders should not have agreed to renegotiate the terms of Britain's EU membership.
THBT it is legitimate to release the unpublished personal memoirs of deceased public figures, even when this is against the express wishes of the individual or their family.
This House supports the French government's decision to dismantle the "Calais jungle."
THBT Barack Obama should nominate an individual considered to be a moderate conservative by US citizens to the Supreme Court.
THBT Barack Obama should nominate an individual considered to be a moderate conservative by US citizens to the Supreme Court.
THW ban all further research into artificial intelligence that can independently learn and develop.
THW ban all further research into artificial intelligence that can independently learn and develop.
THBT schools should aggressively stream students, according to their ability, from a young age.
TH prefers a criminal justice system that pursues criminal and civil charges against individuals within companies, rather than fines against the entire company.
THBT Western States should support and engineer coups in militarily weak states they identify as having authoritarian leaders.
THW compel news media to give coverage to all demonstrations proportionate to the size of that demonstration.
THW remove all legal restrictions on categories of weapons which can be used in war.
THBT the Gotham City Police Force should seek to offer Wayne employment as an officer within their force.
This House believes that Western States should irrevocably remove citizenship of citizens who join the so-called Islamic State
This House would weight shareholder votes in line with the length of time their shares have been held.
This House believes that voters should always vote on policy and principles regardless of electability in all elections (general, local, or party leadership).
This House believes that film studios should seek to select racially diverse casts when converting books into films even if it differs from the author's original character description.
This House believes that welfare and pensions policy should be determined by a panel of experts selected by their peers, not accountable to government.
This House, as a feminist, would adopt traditionally masculine traits and behaviours
This House believes that the US-led coalition should no longer insist on Assad stepping down as part of their negotiations with Russia over Syria.
This House would prefer a world without sexual attraction
In a minimal state, a government's role is exclusively to protect property rights and people's physical security. Beyond this, such a state would not intervene in people's lives, or provide any public services. THBT a minimal state is justified.
THBT Western States should irrevocably remove citizenship of citizens who join the so-called Islamic State.
Shareholders have the right to vote on various important issues pertaining to a company (e.g. hiring and firing executives, mergers and acquisitions, budgets, and major changes in corporate strategy). THW weight shareholder votes in line with the length of time their shares have been held.
THBT voters should always vote on policy and principles regardless of electability in all elections (general, local, or party leadership).
THBT film studios should seek to select racially diverse casts when converting books into films even if it differs from the original character descriptions.
THBT welfare and pensions policy should be determined by a panel of experts selected by their peers, not accountable to government.
TH, as a feminist, would adopt traditionally masculine traits and behaviours.
THBT the US-led coalition should no longer insist on Assad stepping down as part of their negotiations with Russia over Syria.
THW prefer a world without sexual attraction.
THBT a minimal state is justified.
THW make the number of votes an individual has inversely proportional to their wealth (i.e. the more wealth an individual has the fewer votes in an election).
TalkToys are dolls with Artificial Intelligence (AI) and speech recognition software that enable them to engage in an actual conversation with children (they have a lexicon of thousands of prescript responses). TalkToys are meant to serve as a companion to the child, and they are in the late stages of development. Prominent examples of toys that will be able to talk include Barbie, G.I Joe and Star Wars and Action Figures. THW Ban TalkToys.
The NRA, National Rifle Association of America, is a lobbying group in Washington. Its notable actions include influencing legislation aimed to deregulate gun ownership laws, initiating lawsuits against municipalities that have banned or have placed strict regulations on firearm laws, and endorsing candidates mainly of the Republican Party. THBT the US should require the NRA to pay reparations to victims of gun violence.
THW suspend trade unions and labour protection laws in times of economic crisis.
Conscription is mandatory in Egypt for males of ages between 18 to 30. The service obligation is between 12 to 36 months and is followed by a 9-year reserve duty. THBT Egypt Should Conscript Women to Female-Only Units.
THBT Sex Education Classes in Schools Should Teach Techniques For Pure Sexual Gratification (including, but not limited to, anal sex, oral sex, mutual gratification and masturbation).
THW release inmates from jail solely on the basis of their rehabilitation and not upon the completion of a predetermined period of time.
During the first centuries AD there was no religious law demanding clerical celibacy in the Catholic sect of Christianity, and there is no direct mentioning of such a requirement in the New Testament. Celibacy is being thought to have been universally adopted by Catholiscm after a decision made by a council in 12th century. TH, as Pope Francis, would remove the requirement of catholic priests to take a vow of celibacy.
THBT jobs that are deemed to be of moral value or societal importance should have their wages set by the state.
THBT using Human Shield tactics, by the weaker side, can be justified in a-symmetrical wars.
This House would provide free, safe drugs to individuals with addictions.
This House prefers collective parenting.
This House believes that major social media platforms (e.g. Facebook, Twitter) should censor bigotry
This House, as the United States, would engage in cyber-attacks against Russia.
This House would grant legal personhood to land.
This House believes that it is unethical to bring a new child into this world.
This House would program the robots to hide the existence of past human life on Earth
That we should tax and redistribute wealth contained in university endowment funds
That universities should make use of quotas for ideological groups (e.g. conservatives) for teaching and research staff
That the state should employ more non university graduates and use tax penalties to encourage other employers to do the same
That the EU should require member states to set common rules and rates for corporate taxation
That investors should divest from fossil fuel companies
That the US should have aggressively pushed for the inclusion of China in the TPP
That as the Catholic church we should deny communion to politicians who vote contrary to its teachings
That we should have a truth and reconciliation commission for Catholic church abuse
That the West should seek to fund moderate Islamic religious groups in the Middle East
That Pacific Rim countries should make Australian participation in future trade agreements contingent on the abandonment of their asylum seeker detention policy
That Australia should automatically trigger an election when the governing party replaces the prime minister
That despite the opposition of the Myanmar government the international community should set up a safe haven for the Rohingyas in Myanmar
That we should apply the same criminal sanctions to late term abortions and infanticide
That we should replace the institution of the family with well run state child raising facilities
That we should allow individuals to enter contracts specifying conditions on their relationship e.g. salary level, weight limits, frequency of sex
That we regret the possibility of jury nullification
That we should implement Good Samaritan laws (legally obliging bystanders to assist those in danger, unless doing so would place them at serious risk)
That illegally gathered evidence should be admissible in court
That state level affiliates of the Democratic Party in conservative states should disaffiliate and establish a new party
That US presidential primaries in all states should be run on the same date
That the West should select and train local activists to oppose 'third termist' leaders (those trying to subvert or remove term limits) in Sub-Saharan Africa
THBT all European Football Associations should aggressively redistribute income from successful to less successful clubs within their own country.
THW abolish the distinction between an attempted and a completed crime.
THW introduce a binding direct democracy app.
THW break up banks deemed "too big to fail".
TH, as the SNP, would never vote on UK legislation which does not extend territorially to Scotland.
THBT people of colour activist groups, such as the NAACP, should pursue a race-blind society.
THBT civilians are a legitimate target in conflict.
THBT governments should not fund reconstruction in areas prone to natural disasters.
THW reinstate bussing in the US.
THW pay stay at home parents.
THBT both elected and unelected party leaders should not play a role in the nomination process (through super delegates or brokered conventions)
THW require all news media organisations to select and publicly state a political affiliation
THBT Western Liberal Democracies should drastically reallocate funds from development aid budgets to research into Neglected Tropical Diseases
THBT the International Monetary Fund should require states in need of Bailouts to provide collateral (e.g. Mining rights, land, shares in privatised assets)
THBT Norway should back off from oil drilling in the Arctic
THW prohibit all research aiming to create sentient artificial intelligences
THW prefer Afterlife A over Afterlife B
THBT the Mexican govenment should retroactively legalise the production and distribution of drugs
TH prefers governments to make cash transfers to individuals in recipient countries over government-to-government development aid
TH supports the recasting of male action heroes and superheroes as female
THW terminate the special relationship between the US and Saudi Arabia
THR the rise of anti-establishment candidates within mainstream parties (e.g. Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders, Jeremy Corbyn)
TH regrets the idolization of soldiers and veterans
THBT the UN should hire private military corporations to carry out its peacekeeping operations
THW require all 18-year-olds (in Western Liberal Democracies) to go on a Rumspringa
THR the presence of heterosexual cisgender politicians at Pride parades
THW allow companies to include a clause in their employment contracts for women where that woman legally agrees not to get pregnant
THW remove the UK's exemption from the refugee quota penalty
TH as a school teacher would not refer children to child protection services in the case of concerns about their radicalisation
THW allow individuals to nominate a charity of their choosing to receive all inheritance tax that would be otherwise paid to the state upon their death
THBT white authors should not publish their reviews on Beyonce's album
THW allow the police and intelligence agencies unrestricted access to the internet history and online communications of all citizens.
THB that artists from dominant cultural groups should not seek to portray minority cultures.
THW remove exemptions from anti-discrimination law for religious organisations.
THW require all teams participating in international football competitions to have an equal representation of both sexes.
TH supports minority ethnic parties.
TH, as a wealthy individual, would use that wealth to become a vigilante (e.g. Batman) in areas of high crime and a corrupt police force (e.g. Mexico City).
TH supports ‘direct action’
TH supports a system of blind voting
THW support indigenous people to be trialed, convicted and punished in accordance with the customs of their community as opposed to through the system of the national court. 
THBT Jitse Akse should not be punished for his fight in Syria
THW financially incentivise businesses to diversify their boards
THS the objectification of men by women in popular media
THBT individuals should have the right to remove photos of themselves published without their permission, and sue for damages
THW ban footballers who commit racist actions for life
TH, as a feminist, believes that Kim Kardashian is a force for good.
THW not give development aid to authoritarian countries.
TH, as the UK government, would remove charitable status from religious institutions that teach socially regressive ideas (e.g. that women belong in the home, etc.)
THW remove the executive's ability to grant pardons (i.e. to cancel the legal consequences of a conviction).
THR The rise of "clean living" gurus
THW Partition Syria into 3 countries; Kurds, Sunnis and Alawites
THW remove all sin taxes
THW ban the use of armed unmanned aerial vehicles (armed drones) during warfare
THW give parents full access to their children's social media accounts
THS vigilantism in areas of severe socio-economic deprivation
THW create a standing army for the European Union
TH regrets the rise of social media as a primary source of news distribution
TH supports Barack Obama's statements that emphasise African- Americans taking individual responsibility for improving their own position in life
THW create state-run centres where individuals can purchase and consume psychedelic* drugs *drugs whose primary effect is to alter cognition and perception e.g. LSD and Magic Mushrooms
TH supports strong government intervention to prevent gentrification* *process when significant numbers of wealthier people move to a poor area
THBT the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra should regularly play the works of Richard Wagner
TH regrets the mass commercialisation of football
TH supports Sanctuary Cities in the United States
THBT Latin American states should provide extensive material support for a military coup against the Venezualan government
THBT the European Union should fund satirical* publications in its member states that target far-right political parties * the use of humour and exaggeration to criticize
THBT Western States should fund the spread of atheism in Iraq through provision of education, health care and welfare
TH regrets the safe space movement’s attempts to significantly limit speech on university campuses
THBT western nations should support breakaway states in former Soviet Union  (e.g. East Ukraine or South Ossetia) after free and fair referendum.
TH supports BRICS* countries creating alternatives to the current international economic institutions (i.e. the IMF, the World Bank, and the World Trade Organisation) * Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa
THW require the economic policies of political parties to be approved by an independent panel of experts before being used in campaigns
TH supports Iran’s extension of the Sharia principle of “an eye for an eye” to the victims of acid attacks
THW nationalize and provide public access to the Metadata being gathered by online multinational companies.
THBT governments should strictly regulate construction and renovation in order to preserve historical architecture (buildings, parks, public spaces etc).
THW ban self-learning sex robots that aim to be highly gratifying and realistic
THW permanently remove from service Imams who are stationed in places where an honour killing has occured
THW not use scientific data acquired through non-ethical experiments
THW rebuild the Husartsan memorial
TH, as Catholics, would oppose the canonisation of Mother Theresa.
TH believes that the US Government should provide significant campaign funding for congressmen and senators who score highly on bi-partisan metrics*. *Scores derived from instances of voting with the other party, co-sponsoring bills, etc., calculated by independent bodies.
TH believes that the life in the cartel is a better life for Tony Montana than a life of following the law.
TH believes that the state’s general economic approach should be to promote policies which seek to maximise net economic gain*, even when it comes at the expense of structural unemployment. * For example free trade agreements and the automation of labour.
TH believes that Japan should depict the act of Inseki-Jisatsu as cowardly.
TH believes that liberal states should provide legal and financial aid to citizens who wish to permanently emigrate from them.
TH believes that it is within the interest of Tibetans to assimilate with China.
TH would allow the “Cultural Defence” in all criminal proceedings.
THW require all public and private schools to teach Darwin’s theory of evolution as a scientific consensus. [Round 1]
THW cede control of all national parks to indigenous tribes. [Round 2]
THW impose prohibition on alcohol consumption for all college students. [Round 3]
Sit back in your seats for a second, close your eyes. Imagine, if you will, that we have developed a virus with the capacity to infect 100% of society, rendering a random 30% of people infertile.  This virus passes on inter-generationally, continuing this cycle of randomized 30% infertility for the foreseeable future. For the sake of simplicity, let’s name it the inferno virus.  Assuming we have reached a point where the human population on Earth is unsustainable, this house would release the virus. [Round 4]
THW require all Olympic sponsors to donate equal amounts of money to the Paralympics. [Round 5]
THS a military coalition between the US and the Syrian government in the fight against ISIS. [Round 6]
THBT niantic should provide user location from Pokemon Go to the police [Quarters]
THB the place for athletes’ protests is off the field not on it [Semi’s/Novice Finals]
THBT the UK should not leave the EU regardless of the referendum [Finals]
THW allocate scholarships and financial aid exclusively on the basis of financial need
THS the continued consumption of old novels and films that endorse- even tacitly- the beliefs that today would be considered bigoted
THW ban funding by third parties of tortious lltigiation
THW sanction the intelligence, military, and political leaders of Pakistan.
THBT the feminist movement should campaign for the equal sexualization of men in the media as opposed to campaigning against the sexualization of women
THR the automation of jobs previously performed by humans (eg self driving cars, self checkouts)
THBT the European Union should impose punitive measures on the UK in the Brexit negotiations.
THR the inculcation of national identity through shared rituals (eg national ceremonies, anthems, pledges of allegiance, etc)
THR the new politics of the campus left
THW factor public horror into the punishment of a crime
THBT the Right to Rest should be upheld in all public spaces.
THW require multi-national corporations to adhere to labor and wage standards exceeding those set by ANY individual nation.
THW stop playing “The Star-Spangled Banner”
THW make the provision or sale of junk food and soda to children under the age of consent illegal.
THBT Canada should allow foreigners to access their right to die policy.
THBT College and professional teams should be held accountable when their competitors or coaches commit sexual assault.
THBT China “should fix” North Korea.
THR the Generation War (Millennials vs. Baby Boomers)
TH believes that the governments of developing nations should actively encourage slum tourism
TH believes that states should stop identifying citizens by their race or religion
TH believes that ASEAN should give up all efforts toward greater political and economic integration
TH believes that it is in Indonesia’s interests to join the TPP
TH believes that the Feminist Movement should rebrand as Egalitarianism.
TH supports essential services workers rights to strike.
TH would prosecute the perpetrators of Bloody Sunday.
TH supports the end of the Hannibal Directive.
Except where there is a clear threat to national security TH believes that it is illegitimate for Western states to limit immigration from the the developing world.
TH would impose a cap on the amount of money parents are allowed to spend on their children (excluding essential healthcare and disability needs).
TH believes that Hillary Clinton should put her experience overcoming sexism to the forefront of her campaign.
TH regrets this trend.
TH believes that progressive parties should advocate and campaign for the introduction of UBI.
TH believes that Putin has been good for Russia.
TH believes that feminists should oppose capitalism.
TH supports the creation of wethouses.
TH believes that major political decisions should be made by parliament rather than a public referendum.
TH believes that states should make developmental aid contingent on the human rights record of the recipient country.
TH would impose fines on public acts of climate change denial.
TH supports the creation of grammar schools.
TH supports Wikileaks continuing to publish the documents it acquires, even if they reveal private information about civilians.
TH would allow soldiers to opt-out from military missions on the basis of conscience.
THW abolish the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy
THW require all media organizations hosting major pre-election debates to provide live fact-checking of speakers' claims
THR the negative attitude towards Golddiggers
TH, as the Baltic states, would incentivize brain drain from Belarus to the Baltics.
THBT liberal parties in Europe should abandon their focus on being pro-immigration
THW allow the prosecution of news organizations for knowingly publishing false information, even when that information is not defamatory
Assuming they exist, THW prefer not to know the identity of one'a soulmate
THBT the government of Colombia should ignore the result of the October 2nd referendum and implement the Peace Deal
THW not reveal the identity of authors who choose pseudonymity
TH prefers a world without Wikileaks
TH would introduce academic streaming.
TH supports voluntourism.
TH, as the state, would aggressively fund GMO research.
TH believes that Japan should acquire nuclear weapons.
TH regrets the culture of casual sex.
TH, as an astronaut, would take part in Mars One (one way trip to Mars).
TH believes that the USA should never use the language of American exceptionalism.
TH would allow communities to pay for increased police presence in their area
TH would implement a negative income tax.
TH would nationalise SpaceX’s mission to colonise Mars.
TH supports the privatisation of Saudi Aramco.
TH believes that secular states should force the Catholic church to accept the ordination of female bishops.
TH believes that the EU should end its commitment to the free movement of people as a core principle of the single market.
TH supports Tiger Parenting.
TH regrets the rise of the On-Demand Economy.
TH would allow teacher unions to veto education policy that is not linked to pay and benefits.
TH believes that the United States should militarily intervene (put boots on the ground) in Syria and Iraq.
TH would not allow tech companies/social media to target advertising in order to change people's political ideology.
TH would let the captured wives and children of former or current Boko Haram soldiers choose to live in open society.
THP a unified state-dominated public policy research landscape to one dominated by ideologically defined think tanks
THBT Kashmir should strive for independence rather than political unification with Pakistan
THP a world where the notion of the afterlife is based on karmic balance and not divine mercy
THBT when systemically important financial institutions are in need of financial assistance during recessions, the burden should fall upon creditors (eg, via diluting shareholder value by turning debt into equity) rather than the government stepping in
THBT Islamic Authorities in South East Asia should issue a fatwa declaring Wahhabism to be un-Islamic
THBT western social justice groups (feminist advocacy groups, LGBT advocacy groups) should have a local agenda, as opposed to a global agenda
THR regrets the market’s erosion of the nation state
THR the rise of New Atheism.
THBT indigenous peoples would be justified in sabotaging (violently or otherwise) economic projects in the event that they are built across or on their land without their democratic consent.
As Adopting Parents, TH would tell its child it is adopted only after its teenage years
TH would ban all non-medical research into the genetics of race (For example, the effect of race on intelligence, morality, etc.)
TH would allow the police to use entrapment
TH regrets the rise of the hookup culture (* The hookup culture is one which accepts and encourages casual sexual encounters focused on physical pleasure, without necessarily including emotional bonding)
TH believes that developing nations should ban political parties from handing out food and basic necessities.
TH regrets the Colombian government's decision to hold a referendum on the FARC peace deal.
THW prefer a world where people cannot lie
As adoptive parents, THW only tell their children they're adopted after their teenage years.
THW ban non-medical research into genetics of race.
THW allow the police to use entrapment.
THR the hook-up culture.
THBT developing countries should ban political parties from spreading food and other necessities (infoslide said that this happened in countries like India and South Africa, particularly around election time).
TH regrets the rise of TV talent shows
THW ban zero-hour contracts
THW prohibit people with criminal records from running for political office
TH regrets the rise of pop feminism
TH believes that it would be in Russia's interest to abandon the goal of becoming a global superpower rivaling the US
TH would ban private healthcare
TH would require children, to the extent they are able, to financially support their parents in old age
TH regrets the remilitarisation of Japan
TH would ban foreign states from funding religious organisations
TH believes that companies have a moral obligation to significantly invest in helping the communities in which they operate, even when it has no benefit to that organisation
TH believes that feminist female students should boycott students’ corps
TH would prosecute the editor-in-chief when the magazine they are in charge of publishes falsehoods
TH would disqualify the entire amateur football club for one competition season when there are acts of violence on or around the playing field
TH would legalise a market for organs
TH would prefer a monocultural society over a multicultural society
THW prosecute violent fouls in sports as criminal assault
THBT ICC should forcefeed detainees going on hunger strike.
TH, as China, would allow women, and only women, to marry multiple male partners
THBT Israel should Privatize the West Bank Checkpoints
THR the overwhelming narrative of good triumphing over evil in childrens
THW rather be a part of “Club 27” thank live an average anonymous
In retrospect, THW have preferred Truth and Reconciliation Comissions over the ICTY to deal with the aftermath of the Yugoslav Wars
"THW limit the time in office for heads of state to two terms
"
THB that the EU should actively support "Women on Waves".
THW allow third parties (i.e. individuals or companies) who have been harmed by a workers strike to sue the union(s) for damages.
TH opposes the Black Lives Matters' endorsement of BDS."
In countries with public healthcare, THW not cover life prolonging treatments for the elderly. 
THBT European countries should compel migrants and refugees to attend lessons about the sexual norms prevalent in the country.
THW ban cash in the developed world
THW ban essential service workers from striking. 
THS the creation of  Personal Artificially Intelligent Robotic Romantic Partners. 
THB Violent Protest is Legitimate. 
THBT the South Korean Government should ban propaganda balloons.  
THBT televised debates between the leaders of major parties before general elections do more harm than good.  
THBT the Northern Irish government should aggressively promote a distinct 'Northern Irish'  Identity. 
THS the destruction of historical artifacts seen to glorify atrocities.
thw implement mandatory paternity leave for new fathers
thbt countries should implement strong worker protection laws even at the cost of economic growth (ie, collective bargaining, overtime hours, worker compensation, etc)
thw deny tax-exempt status to religious institutions that restrict women from accessing leadership or teaching roles
THBT jewish-americans have a moral obligation to suspend their participation in organizations  (hillel, birthright, aipac, etc) that endorses israel’s current settlement program
Thw create an international organization to facilitate private individuals suing foreign governments for causing serious harms to their communities
In regions with severe, widespread violence against women, ths acts of vigilante justice in response to gendered assaults (israel egypt)
Thw allow voters to repeal legislation using citizen referenda initiated referenda passed by a ⅔ popular vote majority
thbt the kurdish people should abandon attempts to establish an independent state, in favour of seeking greater poliitical inclusion in iraq and in turkey
THR the decline of Black Militant Groups (i.e. the Black Panther Party, the Black Liberation Army
TH, as the Ministry of Education, Youth and Information, would significantly reduce summer holidays
This House Supports the celebration of Halloween in Jamaica
THBT religious institutions should not receive tax exemptions or other legal privileges - Grand Finals
THW abolish all occupational licensing.
THBT western nations fighting the Islamic state should commit to the creation of an independent Kurdish state.
This house believes that religious officials (e.g. priests, imams, rabbis) should not make statements in support of political policies, parties, or candidates.
TH supports the continued remilitarization of Japan.
THB that all museums, galleries, and cultural institutions should offer to return exhibits to their countries/communities of origin.
THW nationalize credit rating agencies.
THBT identity-based social movements should prioritize the majority population's acceptance of that identity over preservation of a distinct culture.
TH fears the development of independent artificial intelligence.
THBT a rise in global oil prices is in the interest of the West.
THS supreme court rulings based on natural rights not enumerated in constitutions.
TH believes in God.
When police are put on trial for alleged instances of a violent wrongdoing, this House would decrease the burden of proof to the balance of probabilities.
This House would allow negative voting.
This House believes that armies should indoctrinate soldiers to take their own lives in the event that they fall captive to the enemy.
This House believes that the state should promote the norm of the 'single life'.
This House believes that NATO should expel members that do not meet the organisation's defence spending targets.
This House would abolish all government schemes that provide grants, tax-breaks or loans at preferential terms to home buyers
THBT indigenous groups in parliamentary democracies should form independent political parties instead of encouraging their members to vote for, and run on behalf of, existing parties
This House believes that governments should make available a publicly searchable database containing the income, wealth and taxes paid by all citizens
This House would prohibit the use of predictive algorithms in criminal trials
This House, as Israel, opposes a Iran nuclear deal
This House believes that membership of the EAEU is in the interests of Central Asian states.
This House would allow individuals to sue the government when the government has failed to provide a basic standard of living.
This House believes that states should focus on negotiating bilateral trade agreements over large, regional agreements such as the TPP and RCEP.
This House prefers a world in which Islam is structured around a strong, central governing authority (e.g. The Pope in Catholicism)
THBT liberals should refrain from using terms such as bigot, racist, sexist etc to describe people or positions they disagree with 
THW transition to a cashless society 
THW greatly reduce economic prosperity, progress and growth in favour of increasing individual’s leisure time 
THW not prosecute former child soldiers for offences committed as adults
THW require all companies over a certain size to be fully publicly listed 
This house believes that environmental NGOs should promote genetic engineering
This house prefers secular governments that exclude all religion from public spaces to those that allow all religions in public.
This house believes that nations should invest in regional human rights institutions at the expense of global institutions (such as the ICC).
This house regrets the rise of choice feminism
This house believes that opposition parties in Latin America should seek incremental transitions of power rather than the recall or overthrow of ruling parties.
This House Believes That teachers should contradict curriculum that they believe will be harmful to society
This House Believes That feminists should actively adopt stereotypically "male" traits (such as being assertive, emotionally distant, "man-spreading" etc.)
This House Would never offer a reduced sentence in return for information relating to other crimes
This House, as the Catholic Church, would sell all wealth (including, but not limited to, art, property, and religious artefacts) to the highest bidder and donate the profit to the alleviation of poverty
This House Would give the African Union passport to all citizens of African Union member states
THW allow plaintiffs to sell to third parties their right to sue.
THR the prominence given to celebrity endorsements of politicians and political parties
THW apply an environmental tax to cheap mass-produced clothing
TH, as a female visitor to WestWorld, would choose to wear a black hat.
THBT developing nations with ethnically diverse populations should prohibit vernacular schools"
THBT NATO should create a 'safe zone' in rebel-held territory within Syria
THR the decision of Clinton supporters in the immediate aftermath of the 2016 US election to frame the Trump victory as the result of misogyny and racism and not opposition to the political establishment and/or neoliberalism
THW Give Extra Votes to Individuals who Live in Areas with Consistently Low Voter Turnout
This House Believes That the state should pay a salary to stay-at-home parents
Given the existence of "SASP Glasses" technology, This House Would ban them.
This House Believes That western tech companies should collectively refuse to comply with the Russian personal information law
This House Believes That developed nations should not recruit high-skilled workers (Such as doctors, engineers, etc.) from developing countries
Given the ability to accurately measure the moral track record of a person, This House Would criminalize having a consistently negative moral track record
This House Believes that the Election of Donald Trump Serves the Interests of Russian Citizens
THR the existence of religious political parties
THBT the state should not fund blueskies research
TH opposes the popularisation of BDSM
THBT using Human Shield tactics, by the weaker side, is legitimate in asymmetrical wars
THBT individuals should only fund charities that follow effective altruism
THW prohibit the media from reporting on the mental illness of those accused of crimes
This house regrets Disney's use of indigenous characters and settings in their films
This house believes that pro-remain political parties and campaign groups should launch a class action suit against prominent members of the Leave campaign for Fraud
This house believes that the Trump administration should abandon the One-China policy
In post conflict societies, This house would grant amnesty to perpetrators of crimes rather than seeking prosecutions
This house would make membership of Trade Unions compulsory
This house would ban organisations from promoting abstinence
This house regrets the inclusion of the People's Mobilization Forces in the war against the Islamic State
This house believes that Eastern European states should destroy monuments from their Soviet Union period
THBT publicly funded universities should be required to reduce enrolment in degree programs within their university that have statistically poor employment outcomes
THBT search engines should deprioritise search or autocomplete results with sexist, racist or otherwise offensive content
TH regrets the promotion of religion in countries formerly ruled by communist regimes in Eastern Europe
THBT the US should abandon all military support for and impose economic sanctions on the Philippines
THBT the governments of Brazil and Peru should contact uncontacted Amazonian tribes
THBT governments in the developing world should limit migration to megacities
THBT Italy should have voted ‘si’ in last week’s referendum on constitutional reform
TH supports the use of referendums when deciding whether to permit same sex marriage
TH supports the demolition of makeshift refugee camps on the borders between European countries e.g. The Calais Jungle in France, The Idomeni Camp in Greece
This House believes that post-genocidal regimes should destroy all places of extermination (for example, death camps)
This House would allow members of the armed forces to form labour unions
This House believes that sports leagues should significantly tax and redistribute from wealthier teams to poorer teams
In areas with rapidly rising property prices, This House would suspend all restrictions on property development that are not health and safety requirements (for example, environmental zoning regulations, building height restrictions, and regulations on the appearance of buildings)
This House believes that the Netherlands should allow citizens to purchase additional votes from the government at a cost proportional to their wealth (for example, one additional vote for 1% of wealth)
This House believes that the world would be a better place if women from privileged backgrounds turned down any benefits arising from affirmative action programs.
This House believes that South Korea should produce nuclear weapons
This House regrets the glamorization of start-up culture that encourages people to start their own companies rather than pursue traditional career paths
This House would temporarily and significantly relax minimum labour standards in times of unusually high unemployment, including workplace health and safety standards, minimum wage, working hours restrictions etc.
THBT the European left should promote a hard left agenda, including the nationalisation of major industry, very high tax rates on wealthy, and expansion of the welfare states.
This House believes that the US government should provide significant campaign funding for US congressmen and senators who score highly on bi-partisan metrics.
This house, as the pope, would abolish the requirement for clerical celibacy.
THW force all news organisations to operate as non-profits
This house believes that countries close to conflict zones should only grant long-term asylum to refugees who agree to one year of military service.
This house would ban advocacy for religious belief in public places
TH, as the Chinese Communist Party, will allow fair and competitive elections for local elections
This House would apply universal jurisdiction to crimes against the environment
This house believes that Pakistani Feminists should campaign for the end of gender segregation in mosques, and the right of female imams to preach in mosques.
This house regrets Wikileaks decision to release the DNC emails
This house, as the state of Pakistan, would officially recognise the state of Israel
This house believes members of SAARC should collectively agree to increase labour standards, and environmental standards, rather than engage in a 'race to the bottom'.
This house regrets the use of the death penalty for crimes against humanity.
This house believes female chess players should refuse to participate in this years women's world chess championships
This house would adopt the Indian Supreme Court decision in Pakistan
This house believes news media in Pakistan, should not invite imans to comment on political issues.
This House Would Force All Companies to be 100% Owned by their Workers
This House believes that the British Government Should Pay Reparations to Northern Irish Catholics
THBT the use of erotic capital by women does more harm than good
THBT China should join the TPP
THBT post-colonial states should commemorate their war dead who died fighting for their former coloniser
TH believes in God
THBT the European left should promote a hard left agenda, including the nationalisation of major industry, very high tax rates on wealthy, and expansion of the welfare states.
THBT ecoterrorism is legitimate
TH, as atheists, W stop ridiculing religion
THW take down the Victory Monument
Assuming that it was possible, THW abolish internet anonymity.
THW allow major medical charities and providers (e.g. Cancer Research, Alzheimer Society of Ireland, Irish Heart Foundation) to sue media outlets and organisations who share incomplete, incorrect or misleading medical information.
THBT the USA should militarily intervene in the Philippines
THR the rise of the sharing economy.
TH supports the existence of sex and relationship sections in popular media.
THW teach children to question and undermine authority
THR the Neolithic Revolution
THR the idea that life must have meaning
THW prosecute the production and distribution of fake news
Thw not allow revolutionary leaders and their families in post conflict societies to run for political office
THW allow the selection of all-female juries in sexual assault cases
thbt public health authorities such as the Centers for Disease Control, should be given the power to quarantine individuals involuntary who they suspect are ill with highly contagious diseases
THBT human shields are legitimate targets in war
TH, as the Catholic church, would sell its cultural artifacts in order to fund poverty alleviation
THB trade unions should stop all campaigning and policy work against offshoring
TH regrets the narrative of college as the primary path to success (not sure if exact wording)
THBT every European state should significantly increase military spending
THR the commodification of indigenous art
Assuming a cap on refugees, THW prioritize admitting refugees who have engaged in armed resistance against oppressive regimes
TH opposes common currency
THBT American news media should cease to invite major Trump surrogates (e.g. Kellyane Conway, Sean Spicer) to comment on news events.
This house supports the creation of all-Jewish universities in Europe
This house regrets the social perception that ADHD is an illness, as opposed to a personality trait
THBT the BDS movement does more harm than good.
THBT the West should support the Russian-backed Syrian peace talks.
THBT the rise in oil prizes does more harm than good
THW sell the script.
In countries with frequent coalition governments, THBT mainstream parties should refuse to include far left parties in coalitions, e.g. Socialist Party ('SP') in the Netherlands, Die Linke ('The Left') in Germany.
TH Welcomes the live-streaming of war
After the collapse of USSR, Latvia and Estonia, in contrast with many other states, decided not to automatically grant citizenship to its permanent residents who had moved to the countries after the end of World War II, instead offering them an option to naturalize. Citiezenship was one of the promises made the pro-independence movement to encouradge Russian-speaker support. By 2016, 11.75% of Latvian and 6.1% of Estonian population are still non-citizens. Motion: THBT Estonia and Latvia should grant citizenship to non-citizen residents
In the near future, scientist Thomas Harbor has discovered conclusive scientific evidence that afterlife exists. It has also been determined that it is impossible to to find out the specific nature of afterlife. Motion: TH, as Thomas Harbor, would destroy the research
TH supports the establishment of a gayborhood in Riga
Assuming Belarus agrees, THBT NATO should grant full membership to Belarus contingent on its pivot towards the West in foreign policy and trade
THBT it is the Moral Imperative of Liberals within Eastern European countries to stay within their Home Country rather than Emigrate to More Progressive Countries
THO the dominant narrative in popular culture that there exists a soulmate for everyone
THW allow individuals to sue religious organizations for compensation for the harmful effects of choices made as a result of adherence to religious doctrine
In countries that have the death penalty, THW implement execution duty (with info slide)
THBT African countries should adopt English as the principal language of instruction in schools
Given that private gun ownership is legal, THS the existence of women's gun rights organizations (with info slide)
THP a world where everyone has Highly Superior Autobiographical (with info slide)
THBT China should remove its restrictions on rural to urban migrants.
THW allow local communities to vote to reduce the amount of policing present within their districts
THW make the directors of major governmental science and technology organizations elected positions (e.g. Director of Environmental Protection Agency, head of National Science Foundation, Minister of Science and Technology)
THBT governments should depopulate areas with few viable economic activities.
THBT the feminist movement should oppose presumptive custody in favor of women in cases of divorce.
THBT it is legitimate for states to deny residency to immigrants who openly contradict their predominant values.
THW institute a "robot tax"
THBT minority groups should not reclaim slurs that have been directed against them.
You are a citizen living in today’s world. You have the ability to create a perfect world by picking a random child by global lottery and condemning them to a condition of abject misery. The lottery is unbiased. The child will endure all the world’s extreme suffering in perpetuity (i.e. lack of human contact, torture, starvation, disease). The child’s suffering creates a world without war, famine, disease, or poverty: there is perfect prosperity and happiness. THW do it.
This house believes that the USA should fund military action by private intermediaries (e.g. paramilitary groups, private military contractors, vigilante groups) against drug cartels in other countries in the Americas.
This house prefers a world where American and Canadian Multi-National Corporations in South America adhere to the environmental and labour standards of their home countries.
This house supports deaf parents' choice to deafen their children in utero.
This house supports the government suing meat producers/distributors to recover health care and environmental costs incurred by meat consumption.
This house, as the European Union, would reject Turkey's membership application to the European Union.
This house opposes the presence of external sex characteristics (uterus, vagina, breasts) at pro-women protests (eg, the Women's March on Washington).
This house opposes the societal idea that forgiveness is a virtue.
This house would prefer a world in which we never found out that Joseph Boyden has no Indigenous heritage.
This house opposes democracy.
This house believes that feminism is incompatible with capitalism.
THBT universities should not interfere with the choices of topics and guests at events organized by their students
TH, as the EU, would impose sanctions on Poland for breaching democratic principles
THW introduce educational system with the selection process based only on geographical location (and not e.g. test results)
THR the rise of sharing economy
THP a world in which all people actively believed in determinism as opposed to a world in which they believed in free will
THBT Western countries should cease all direct military intervention in Yemen
THW withdraw all military aid to Israel
In places with significantly high waiting times for finding appropriate donors, THW legalize the private sale of organs
TH, as a parent belonging to a minority religion, would discourage their children from expressing their faith publicly (e.g. wearing yarmulkes, hijabs or other articles of faith, etc.)
THBT Mexico should pull out of NAFTA
THBT the feminist movement should oppose the rise of commercial products and services aimed at helping women protect themselves from sexual assault and harassment (e.g. nail polish that changes colour around date rape drugs, anti-rape underwear, "killer tampon", Pink Cabs)
THW abolish K-12 private schools
THW ban college entrance exams - for example: ACT, SAT
THW require meat packaging to display images that vividly and accurately reflect the experiences of the animals throughout the manufacturing process
THBT social media companies should factcheck posts by world leaders
THBT protesters should sabotage the Dakota Access Pipeline
THBT the international community should regard the USA as a rogue state if it leaves or does not abide by the Paris Climate Agreement
THBT the state should pay reparations to women
THW abolish all locked facilities - for example: jail, detention centers, correctional facilities - for youth
TH, as a Republican member of Congress, would destroy the evidence
This house supports the use of “eye in the sky” policing in urban areas with high crime rates.
This house supports democratic governments using social disgust as a grounds for restricting public speech or display.
This house regrets the shift in focus within the academic study of history from studying great figures and institutions to studying cultural forces and the experiences of ordinary people.
Given the choice as an individual who is a typical, healthy 30-year-old, THW elect to never again feel the emotion of sorrow.
This house believes that the US should issue guest worker visas, under which minimum wage laws would not apply.
THBT governments should abandon the strategy of "decapitation" in fighting terrorism.
This House Would Fully Subsidize Gender Reassigment Surgery For Pubescent Teenagers Regardless of Parental Consent.
This House Believes That Israel Should Fine Actors Who Refuse To Perform In Settlements
This House Believes That the U.S. Should Hack China's "Credit Social System" In Order To Disrupt It
This House Believes That Republika Srpska Should Be an Independent State
This House Believes That Mexico Should Allow Neighbourhoods And Cities In North Mexico To Form Armed Militias In Order To Combat Drug Cartels.
This House Would Impose Criminal Laws To Crimes Comitted By Users Of Avatars In Virtual Worlds (Such As ’Second Life’)
This House Supports the EU Backed Western Balkans Customs Union, Even at the Price of Terminating the Free Trade Agreement With Russia And of Joining the EU Sanctions on Russia
THW televise criminal trials
THBT the UK Labour Party should stand candidates in general elections in Northern Ireland
TH, as China, would abandon all claims on the Senkaku Islands
TH, as Arturo di Modica, would discontinue the loan of the Charging Bull to New York City
THBT school systems should build curricula in a way that emphasizes national pride
THBT individual feminist women should reject acts of chivalry (e.g. buying drinks for them, holding the door open, "ladies first" etc.)
THW punish attempted and committed crimes equally
THBT Brazil should fully privatise Petrobras
THW subsidise banks to disproportionately direct loans to historically disadvantaged communities and individuals
THW tax religious institutions
THW normalize relations with North Korea (including the removal of sanctions)
TH, as a theatre, would refuse to run the film "Dragonfly Eyes."
THR the decline in marriage rates.
THR the rise of "global" languages like English
THBT comedic political commentators (e.g. John Oliver, Stephen Colbert, Samantha Bee, etc.) do more harm than good.
THW ban commercial research and development of CRISPR-Cas9 technology
THBT children have a right to know who their biological parents are (e.g. adoptees, children of reproductive donors, children of estranged parents)
THBT Democrats and Republicans should accept a border wall in exchange for full legalization of immigrants currently residing in the United States.
THBT the administration of professional licensure examinations should be in the hands of the private sector instead of the government
TH, as the UN, would give Venezuela humanitarian aid with no strings attached
THBT the environmental movement should abandon the narrative of personal responsibility in favor of one which emphasizes institutional accountability
THS Singapore's hiatus-triggered model for the presidential elections
In conservative countries, THBT the LGBT movement should actively court religious institutions
THBT it is in China's interest to take the lead in subduing North Korea.
THW remove the power of impeachment from the legislature.
TH celebrates the decline of American liberalism.
When casting minority characters, THBT films should only cast actors from that same minority
THBT India should abandon the Make in India policy
THS the existence of dual-legal systems for minority religious communities
THBT the Rohingya should prioritize advocating for an independent state over citizenship and acceptance within Myanmar
THR the commercialization of feminism
THR the rise of Antifa
THR the Euro
THW dissolve global human rights institutions in favor of regional human rights institutions
THW build social housing in high-wealth areas
THR the narrative that a university education is the primary path to success
THS the development of Artificial General Intelligence
THBT majority liberal supreme courts should actively misapply constitutions in order to advance progressive rights
THBT scholars who study under-represented groups in history should emphasize their contribution to events that are commonly considered historically significant, rather than studying the history of those groups’ contributions to their own societies.
THR the modern high prioritization of sexual compatibility in romantic relationships.
THBT, in large metropolitan areas, the government should use eminent domain to create high density housing development.
THBT social movements should emphasize an individual’s capacity to change their circumstances in the face of oppression, as opposed to emphasizing the structures that restrict and determine an individual’s fate.
THBT the U.S. should eliminate all protective measures on the trading and use of green technologies.
Of religions that promise reward for faithful practice, THW prefer religions that promise reward will come in the afterlife as opposed to those that promise material reward in this life.
THW replace existing welfare systems with a universal basic income.
THBT civil rights legal organizations (e.g. ACLU) should refuse to provide legal resources to white supremacists and other hate groups.
THW ban police unions.
THBT Pharmaceutical companies should be held civilly liable for the opiate crisis
THB the Democratic Party should prioritize/welcome the nomination of candidates at all levels of government who favor more radical changes to existing policies and structures over those who are seen as more "electable"
This house regrets the development of mass tourism at world heritage sites
TH, as a prominent African-American group, would seek to create autonomous spaces of politics, economics etc. rather than integrating with American society
THW, as the US government, recognize the DPRK as a nuclear state and no longer oppose their nuclear program on the condition they discontinue long-range missile development.
The United States of Africa is a proposed concept for a federation of some or all of the 55 sovereign states on the African continent. The concept takes its origin from the writing of Marcus Garvey, an influential pan-Africanist leader in the early 20th century.
THS the political unification of Africa
THW, as President Trump, fire Robert Mueller
THBT Truth and Reconciliation Commissions should destroy all collected testimony upon publication of the commissions' reports.
THB that women are justified in lying about their past experiences, abilities and future family plans on job applications or at job interviews.
TH, as the Premier League, would require all clubs to field a minimum of 4 English players every match
THBT the EU should ban non-stun religious slaughter of animals
THW allow central banks to use quantitative easing for the purpose of government investment as opposed to the support of the financial services.
THW assasinate Kim Jong-Un
THS the monetisation of reproduction (e.g. sale of oocysts, commercial surrogacy)
either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.” - Arthur C Clarke Motion: THW rather be alone in the Universe
THBT humanitarian organisations should, and should be allowed to, give funding, resources or services to illegal armed groups when this is made a condition for access to vulnerable civilians
Assuming there is a drug that increases individuals tendency to pacifism, TH, as the state, would lace the country's water supply with the drug.
THBT universities should not be allowed to patent technology they develop
THBT states should incentivize wealthy people to move to economically insolvent cities
THBT pro-Palestinian organisations should abandon their support for the BDS movement against Israeli academic institutions and scholars
THW Legalize Graffiti
THBT states that are responsible for heavy pollution are morally obligated to sell portions of their land to states under severe threat by climate change
THBT the African Union should pivot toward the global East rather than the global West
Motion: THBT universities should never restrict freedom of expression beyond what is already considered illegal by the state
THR the decline of Marxist political parties
THW charge prosecutors who withhold or deliberately lie about evidence in cases where the defendant faces the death penalty or life in prison, with attempted murder.
This House believes that language should, to the greatest extent possible, be stripped of gender references.
Assuming adequate security vetting, this House would allow individual states to set their own immigration policies.
This House believes that the costs of autonomous technologies outweigh the benefits.
THW prohibit non-disclosure agreements tied to the settlement of civil lawsuits.
The U.S. should declare a cyber war against Russia.
THBT cultural appropriation is a good thing
THW require post-high school public service.
THW call a Constitutional Convention to address the problem of gun violence in America.
THW ban zoos
THBT when a company conducts any business in a developed nation, that nation should enforce its domestic environmental regulations at all stages of that company's supply chain (including suppliers and sub-contractors)
Assuming it was logistically feasible, THW randomly swap all newborn babies at birth.
THS the continued remilitarisation of Japan.
THW rank all charities by their Effective Altruism score and remove charitable status from all but the most effective.
THBT states should not pursue policies to reduce inequality once all citizens have an acceptable standard living
THR the existence of NATO after the dissolution of the USSR
TH, as the Church of England, would withdraw from the Anglican Communion
THW provide means-tested welfare in the form of basic goods and services (including vouchers), rather than cash payments.
THBT twitter has done more harm than good
TH Prefers Asian Values to Western liberalism
THBT investors should cease purchasing bonds issued by the Venezuelan government.
THBT minority parents should shelter their children from the existence of racism for as long as possible
THW require all sold products to clearly display their price in Dead Children Currency.
THR the creation and adoption of cryptocurrencies.
THBT that the EU should suspend the voting rights of Poland.
THBT Mohammed bin Salman's policies are in the interests of the ruling House of Saud.
THW ban the creation of all artificial conscious beings.
Assuming it could be done peacefully, THW replace all existing governments with a single global democratic government.
THBT NFL team owners should be allowed to sanction players for political expressions on and off the field
THBT Countries whose native language is not English should adopt English as the main language of governance
THR the glorification of soldiers and veterans as heros
THBT true womens liberation is incompatable with the existence of organized religion
THBT developing countries should heavily disincentivise rural to urban migration
THBT Finland should join NATO
THBT it is immoral for a country to be a tax haven
This house would give companies tax breaks on all revenues paid as renumeration (salaries and bonus) to all female employees
THR the substitution of digital entertainment (e.g. tv, movies, video games) for written materials (e.g. novels, Kindle, comic books) in the lives of children
THBT former human rights activists under dictatorial regimes should not seek elected office (e.g. MP) after the transition to democracy
This house prefers a world in which all religions believe in Universal Salvation
This House regrets the rise of Xi Jinping
This house believes that criminal justice systems should never incorporate retribution as an aim in determining criminal punishments
This house would force all companies worth over $1 billion to list publicly
This House regrets the use of the term "moderate muslim" by Muslims to identify themselves
In cases where a supreme court would currently rule on the compliance of a given law with a constitutional provision, THW hold a public referendum on whether to abandon that constitutional provision
THBT it is always immoral to fight for one's country
This House Would abolish the statute of limitations for heinous crimes (e.g. murder, sexual assault, grievous bodily harm)
This House Believes That progressive movements should not doxx
This House Regrets the narrative that motherhood is an intrinsically fulfilling experience
TH supports South Korea's rejection of the potential trilateral military USA-Korea-Japan alliance.
“Utility factor” refers to the total, foreseeable impact on society produced by academic research. The utility factor is determined by the universities themselves. Motion:This House Supports the allocation of research funding in universities based purely on the utility factor of the research
This House Would remove all criminal penalties for knowingly exposing partners to HIV
This House Believes That development of infrastructure in developing countries should be led by the state, as opposed to the private sector
This House Would impose heavy penalties on planned obsolescence
This House Would all movies and TV shows to introduce racial-blind casting for all characters
This House Believes That 'armies of opinion shapers' should never be a legitimate political tool for states
- very severe dementia; - vegetative state etc. Advanced directives are irreversible - they remain binding. NON-voluntary euthanasia is NOT INvoluntary euthanasia. It merely means that no EXPLICIT CONSENT is granted at the time. " Motion: This House Would legalize advanced directives requesting non-voluntary euthanasia for oneself
TH prefers a world without a concept of an afterlife.
TH supports the inclusion of FARC as a political party in Colombian elections
TH supports the creation of an artificial island for those who do not want to live under the jurisdiction of any state.
TH welcomes the increasing automation of labour.
THS the use of extra-legal and illegal methods to provide wider access to knowledge (e.g. sci-hub, hacking Jstor, unauthorised distribution of files and copies).
TH, as a progressive individual, would not consume the works of artists who have committed or been accused of serious crimes.
TH prefers a higher education system with a large variation in education quality over one in which there is a low variation in education quality. (+ infoslide)
THB the state should lace water supply with a chemical that homogenises people's intelligence to the intelligence level of an average uni graduate.
This house prefers a world without alcohol.
TH supports the increasing secularisation of the world.
THW ban the publication of electoral polls during the run-up to an election
THBT the feminist movement should encourage women to not wear make-up
THBT all states should allow single parents to raise their children in prison
This house believes that secular democracies with substantial religious communities should create special courts where issues can be settled on the basis of religious law
THW require universities to use minimum entry requirements which are at least a grade higher for pupils from selective schools (e.g. private or grammar schools)
THBT singing-based reality TV shows (e.g. X Factor, American Idol, The Voice) have done more harm than good
THW make at least 10 years of non-political work experience a prerequisite for standing for national elected office
THBT non-LGBT+ people should not play LGBT+ roles in TV/film (e.g. that a lesbian role should only be played by a lesbian)
This house regrets the rise of international adoption
This house believes that the UK government should remain silent when Donald Trump makes statements that are contrary to UK values
This house would ban all communication tech companies (such as Google, Apple, Facebook, Whatsapp, etc.) from encrypting their users data, including the content of their communications, in such a way that the company cannot retrieve that data even under a court order.
This house supports job security legislation.
This house would redefine the criterion for excessive force in the US to be any use of beyond what is reasonable given all the facts of the case, including the benefit of hindsight (e.g. whether the individual had a gun, not whether it was reasonable to believe he had a gun).
This house would limit the amount of time that a museum can display a given piece of art to 3 months out of every 10 year period, rather than allow museums to display their works as long as they choose.
This house would allow citizens to vote on individual bills in place of their representative, with the representative retaining the voting power of those of their constituents who did not directly vote on that specific bill.
This house believes that all states should mandate that research on and use of CRISPR technology be exclusively carried out by institutions funded entirely by the state.
This house, as Iran, would cease all support for military groups in the Middle East (e.g. Hezbollah, Hamas, Houthis, etc.).
This house prefers a world in which all individuals who have achieved a middle class standard of living choose to pursue the highest level of achievement in their chosen career, rather than a wold in which those individuals priorities day-to-day enjoyment over work.
This house would not allow out of court settlements for workplace discrimination and harrasment.
This house believes that Catholic religious officials in Mexico should not make statements in support of governmental policies, political parties, or candidates.
This house believes that it is better for the general population to be more optimistic about the current and future state of the nation (including societal cohesion, peace processes, the state of the economy) than an objectively accurate judgement.
This house, as the Chinese Communist Party, would lift all restrictions on foreign investments in China, except restrictions critical to national security.
This house prefers a non-adversarial legal system
In democratic post-colonial states, This house believes that opposition parties to the party of independence should claim and use the legacy of anti-colonial resistance.
This house believes that ASEAN should negotiate all investment deals with Chinese government entities as a bloc (with decisions made by majority vote of its members), so that no member state can enter into investment deals without the rest of the world.
This house supports the court's decision to acquit Tehlirian
This house, as a parent of a child with ASPD, would enable and support that child given that child’s aims based on their current psychological makeup, instead of trying to make them more empathic.
This house would create an international court with the ability to classify national debt as “Odious Debt” at the debtor nation’s request and remove the obligation of that nation to pay.
This House would rather save the live of a single child over extending the life of 5 adults by 10 years
THBT that Universities should exclusively award scholarships and grants on the basis of financial need.
THB the state should not recognise marriage (e.g. through special tax breaks, visitation rights, adoption privileges or other forms of differential treatment).
Cryptocurrencies are digital currencies which operate without central banks or other regulating bodies, the most notable being Bitcoin. Trades can be made anonymously online and have so far proven un-hackable. While Bitcoin has become used for criminal transactions, some institutions have actively invested in it, including certain Swiss banks and the state of Japan. China amounts others, has banned use of Bitcoin. THBT States should criminalise the use and possession of cryptocurrencies.
TH opposes the practice in former colonies of privileging themes of anti colonial resistance over pre colonial-history and notions of indignity when fabricating national identity. Eg. anthems, street names, holidays etc.
THR the narrative that soldiers are heroes.
THW ban all essential service workers from striking (e.g. firemen, policemen, doctors)
THW implement blind voting for general elections (For the purposes of this debate, "blind voting" refers to a system where voters cast their votes for various policies, and a candidate is matched to them based on their preference)
THBT activists should abandon the use of doxxing in order to advance their movement
THBT the US should impose sanctions on Myanmar until a safe zone is created in the Rakhine state for Rohingya civilians
THBT the state should only fund artworks that promote socially desirable values (e.g. multiculturalism, equality)
THW allocate every adult a single tradable permit to have one child.
THW impose high property and land taxes on foreign buyers and owners of property
THS the existence of a "social credit system" (For the purposes of the debate, a "social credit system" refers to a system which assigns a rating to every citizen based on government data regarding their economic history (e.g. paying taxes, paying debts) and social behavior. Ratings impact one's ability to carry out economic transactions, such as seeking employment, renting or buying property.)
This House Would subsidize large scale geoengineering such as massive carbon sequestration (capture of atmospheric co2 out of the atmosphere and into storage) rather than environmental adaptation (eg: cleaner fossil fuels, ethanol, recycling technology, etc)
This House believes that states should seek to participate in multinational currency unions
This House regrets the glorification of entertainers by the LGBTQ+ community
In the event of the development of a technology that makes the recipient unable to knowingly commit any crimes, This House Would ban the research, production, and use of this technology.
This House would ban people whose net worth is in more than the 90th percentile from running for office
This House believes that the US should make aid to Israel conditional on the establishment of peace talks with Palestine
This House believes that regions with extremely high rates of gendered violence should grant amnesty to women for violent crimes they commit
THBT regions with extremely high rates of gendered violence should grant amnesty to women for violent crimes they commit
THBT when systemically important financial institutions are in need of financial assistance during recessions, creditors, rather than the government, should be liable
TH, as the US, would make aid to Saudi Arabia contingent on its full withdrawal from Yemen
THBT developed countries should pay developing countries to preserve the rainforests
THW condition development aid on the progress of human rights
THBT women should pay less income tax than men
THBT English should be the only language of education in developing countries
THW melt the polar ice caps if it gave drought-stricken countries drinking water
THS the increasing use of technology in the sex industry. (e.g. sex robots, virtual reality porn)
THW work for Don-Roberts Holgerrson.
THBT South Korea should re-open the Kaesong Industrial Region.
THW impose legal obligations on major online media companies (YouTube, Twitter, Reddit, etc.) to censor the Manosphere. (e.g. blocking accounts, taking down content)
TH prefers common law legal systems
THW Prefer a world without lying
THB in the right to bear arms.
THW create and enforce filial responsibility laws
THW require all large companies to reserve 51% of shares for employees as equal voting shares
THBT revenue from tourism sites associated with indigenous cultures (e.g. Chichen Itza and related Mayan sites in Mexico) should be distributed directly to those communities
THBT the West should lift all sanctions on Zimbabwe and directly engage with the new government on liberal reforms, as opposed to keeping sanctions and working to bolster the opposition
THW ban ownership of land and property by foreigners and foreign-owned corporations
In school districts in France where Arabic is the majority language, THW make Arabic the language of primary instruction in schools.
TH supports filial responsibility laws.
If sometime in the future the opportunity arose, she'd be the one to run for president. The first woman president, Ivanka entertained, would not be Hillary Clinton; it would be Ivanka Trump." Motion: TH, as Ivanka Trump, would publicly distance herself from her father.
TH believes that provocation should not be a consideration in legal sentencing
TH, as an agnostic, would take the pill.
THW permit the use of performance enhancing drugs in sport
THBT university students should be required to work in their countries of origin for a temporary period after graduation
THBT the media should show the full horrors of war
THBT democracy is on the streets and not on the ballot box
THR the rise of slum tourism
THW ban blood sport
TH supports academic tracking in primary and secondary education
THW abandon nuclear energy
THW suspend labor laws in times of economic crisis
THBT the media should not comment on the electability of politicians
THW create and enforce filial responsibility laws
This House would ban any treatment, service or ritual from claiming a physical healing effect until it is tested and proven more effective than a placebo by a national regulator.
This House supports hacking as a form of social protest.
This House would prefer a world without religious belief.
This House would not give development aid to corrupt regimes.
This house would require companies to place images of animal suffering on all products or food whose production harmed or killed animals.
This House would ban for-profit universities and colleges.
This House would impose restrictions on the opening of stores operated by large multinational retail chains (e.g. Tesco, Walmart) in order to protect local businesses.
This House would deny tax-exempt status to religious institutions that refuse to appoint female leaders.
This House believes that states should not erect statues or memorials which commemorate or glorify military campaigns and/or the service of soldiers in war
This House would make labour union membership compulsory in large industries
This House believes that, when working to preserve rare and endangered species, private entities are more effective than the state.
This House believes that the NATO Enhanced Forward Presence in Eastern Europe is doing more harm than good.
This House believes that states should be able to prioritize asylum seekers on the basis of cultural similarity with existing populations.
This House would legalize commercial surrogacy for profit.
This House supports military retaliation against cyberattacks.
This House would impose additional taxes on employers who use automation to replace human workers.
This House prefers benevolent dictatorship to weak democracy.
This House supports restrictions on free speech to combat the rise of right-wing populism.
THW not allow public schools to expel students - Round 1
THBT education in the developing world should be conducted primarily in English - Round 1
THW institute a negative basic income - Round 2
THS immigration criteria based around culture - Round 2
THBT the government should have no role in protecting endangered species - Round 3
THBT future generations should be able to sue the government for damages from the effects of climate change - Round 3
You have a machine that allows you to know when you will die. THW use the machine. - Round 4
Assuming you have the technology, THW financially reward citizens for good deeds - Round 4
THW ban tithing - Round 5
THW require religious organisations to elect their leaders - Round 5
THBT the European Union should refuse to offer the United Kingdom preferential trade terms - Round 6
THW place a tax on the labour of robots - Round 6
THS the publication of the DNC (Democratic National Committee) leaks - Round 7
TH regrets the commercialisation of social justice - Round 7
THW reject women-only spaces - Round 8
THBT the transgender movement should distance itself from the feminist movement - Round 8
TH regrets Treaty settlements - Semi Final 1
THS granting legal personality to rivers and lakes - Semi Final 1
THBT inquiries into the misconduct of soldiers should only be conducted by people who have at some point been in active service - Semi Final 2
THBT the USA should take aggressive military action against the Syrian regime - Semi Final 2
THBT the media should not ‘out’ authors who publish under a pseudonym - Grand Final
THW not allow authors to copyright characters or worlds that they have created - Grand Final
This house believes that European media outlets should refrain from reporting on crimes committed by refugees - Round 1
This house would compel media to declare a political bias - Round 1
THS former colonial states involvement in propping up autocratic, but stable, regimes in Africa - Round 2
Sam Childers, the “Machine Gun Preacher” is an American citizen who travelled to Sudan in order to take up arms against the Lords Resistance Army (a terrorist organsation). Childers has set up a local resistance network that does not co-ordinate with the Sudanese state and employs violent methods to resist the LRA. THS Sam Childers - Round 2
THS protesters who protest at political gatherings with the aim of causing them to be cancelled - Round 3
This house would set term limits for MPs in Parliament. - Round 3
You are a research scientist working for a large pharmaceutical corporation. You accidentally discover a drug which indefinitely delays the aging process for as long as it is taken (and produces gold). No-one else is aware of what you have done. THW destroy all evidence of your discovery - Round 4
TH, as an embattled ruler (in Westeros), would arm religious fanatics in order to bolster your rule - Round 4
In 49BC, the general Julius Caesar attempted to return from a successful campaign in Gaul to Rome. The Roman Senate, fearing Caesar’s popularity with his army and the people, issued an ultimatum that Caesar was to not cross the border marked by the River Rubicon, else he would be named a traitor and spark a civil war. TH, as Caesar, would cross the Rubicon - Round 5
Following the total defeat of the French army in 1940, the British Government received an offer of peace from Nazi Germany. Any terms would have left Hitler in control of continental Europe, but would have prevented (at least in the short-term) an attack on Britain. The Cabinet of new Prime Minister Winston Churchill was divided over whether to enter into negotiations. TH, as Winston Churchill, would argue against peace - Round 5
THB that South Korea should develop nuclear weapons - Round 6
The South China Sea is the cause of several territorial and resource-based disputes between several surrounding nations. China has been a particularly aggressive claimant of rights to resources and territory within the area. The United States publicly disagrees with China’s claims and has deployed military vessels into the area to “by monitor the situation”. THB the United States should end all involvement in the dispute - Round 6
THW give conscientious objectors equal status to veterans in government memorialisation of war - Round 7
THS white progressives criticising illiberal practices in non-Western and/or minority cultures - Round 7
This house, as the GOP establishment, would prevent Donald Trump from receiving the nomination in a contested convention even if he receives the largest share of delegates - Round 8
This house, as the GOP senate leadership, would support Merrick Garland’s nomination for the Supreme Court - Round 8
THB progressives should refrain from criticising Caitlyn Jenner’s endorsement of Ted Cruz - Semi Final 1
THR the reliance on land settlements as reparation for colonial injustices - Semi Final 2
THR that cultural identities and practices are primarily bound to racial heritage- Semi Final 2
Cecil Rhodes was the creator of the Rhodes scholarship for Oxford. He was also a British imperialist known for beginning enforced racial segregation in South Africa and for his belief in the superiority of the Anglo-Saxon race. He is commemorated in a number of ways at Oxford University, including through a prominent statute. A student movement called “Rhodes must fall” is campaigning for the university to remove all references to him from the campus. THBT Rhodes must fall - Grand Final
TH, as a police officer in the United States who witnesses a minor non-violent crime being committed by an African American individual, would refrain from arresting that individual - Grand Final
THR The Rise of Far Left Politics in Western Countries
Open Motion
THB Women Are Legitimate in Using Erotic Capital
Open Motion
THBT African states should extend dual citizenship status to members of their diaspora, including the right to vote in elections, and right of return, as part of the AU's diaspora initiative.
TH, As the EU, would trigger Article 7 if Hungary failed to commit to democratic reform
THW Pull the Switch
Open Motion
THBT religious institutions should to take custody of children in street situations, even without the consent of their parents
If it were discovered during an armed conflict that a population hides terrorists, THW not consider a war crime to attack civilians
THBT government must grant economic compensation to those unemployed by the automation of their work
THBT sovereign debt must be insured with the assets of that country, including, among others, land, natural resources and state enterprises, in case of non-compliance
TH, as a public educational institution, would prohibit all school football programs due to the risks of CTE
THW punish natural or legal persons who are accused of cultural appropriation
THBT human beings must sow terrestrial life forms on other planets even if that destroys endemic life forms of those planets
THS the creation of similar groups to the Gulabi Gang in Latin America
THW choose China
THBT it should be prohibited all acts of election campaign with the exception of public debates
Assuming it is legal, THW justify that federal states with high rates of violence, hire mercenaries (private armies) to fight organized crime.
This House supports individuals publicizing the identity of people who attend far right protests and gatherings in the USA to their community (coworkers, employers, family etc.)
This House would privatize NASA
This House opposes Twitch's decision to ban sexually suggestive content on their platform
This House would allow victims (and families of deceased) of gun violence to sue the sellers of the gun used in the act for compensation
This House believes that prominent individuals outside politics (e.g. business leaders, celebrities) from developing countries should emphasize the positive aspects of their country, rather than the negative aspects when speaking on an international platform
TH, as an embattled ruler (in Westeros), would arm religious fanatics in order to bolster your rule - Round 4
In 49BC, the general Julius Caesar attempted to return from a successful campaign in Gaul to Rome. The Roman Senate, fearing Caesar’s popularity with his army and the people, issued an ultimatum that Caesar was to not cross the border marked by the River Rubicon, else he would be named a traitor and spark a civil war. TH, as Caesar, would cross the Rubicon - Round 5
Following the total defeat of the French army in 1940, the British Government received an offer of peace from Nazi Germany. Any terms would have left Hitler in control of continental Europe, but would have prevented (at least in the short-term) an attack on Britain. The Cabinet of new Prime Minister Winston Churchill was divided over whether to enter into negotiations. TH, as Winston Churchill, would argue against peace - Round 5
THB that South Korea should develop nuclear weapons - Round 6
The South China Sea is the cause of several territorial and resource-based disputes between several surrounding nations. China has been a particularly aggressive claimant of rights to resources and territory within the area. The United States publicly disagrees with China’s claims and has deployed military vessels into the area to “by monitor the situation”. THB the United States should end all involvement in the dispute - Round 6
THW give conscientious objectors equal status to veterans in government memorialisation of war - Round 7
THS white progressives criticising illiberal practices in non-Western and/or minority cultures - Round 7
This house, as the GOP establishment, would prevent Donald Trump from receiving the nomination in a contested convention even if he receives the largest share of delegates - Round 8
This house, as the GOP senate leadership, would support Merrick Garland’s nomination for the Supreme Court - Round 8
THB progressives should refrain from criticising Caitlyn Jenner’s endorsement of Ted Cruz - Semi Final 1
THR the reliance on land settlements as reparation for colonial injustices - Semi Final 2
THR that cultural identities and practices are primarily bound to racial heritage- Semi Final 2
Cecil Rhodes was the creator of the Rhodes scholarship for Oxford. He was also a British imperialist known for beginning enforced racial segregation in South Africa and for his belief in the superiority of the Anglo-Saxon race. He is commemorated in a number of ways at Oxford University, including through a prominent statute. A student movement called “Rhodes must fall” is campaigning for the university to remove all references to him from the campus. THBT Rhodes must fall - Grand Final
TH, as a police officer in the United States who witnesses a minor non-violent crime being committed by an African American individual, would refrain from arresting that individual - Grand Final
THR The Rise of Far Left Politics in Western Countries
Open Motion
THB Women Are Legitimate in Using Erotic Capital
Open Motion
THBT African states should extend dual citizenship status to members of their diaspora, including the right to vote in elections, and right of return, as part of the AU's diaspora initiative.
TH, As the EU, would trigger Article 7 if Hungary failed to commit to democratic reform
THW Pull the Switch
Open Motion
THBT religious institutions should to take custody of children in street situations, even without the consent of their parents
If it were discovered during an armed conflict that a population hides terrorists, THW not consider a war crime to attack civilians
THBT government must grant economic compensation to those unemployed by the automation of their work
THBT sovereign debt must be insured with the assets of that country, including, among others, land, natural resources and state enterprises, in case of non-compliance
TH, as a public educational institution, would prohibit all school football programs due to the risks of CTE
THW punish natural or legal persons who are accused of cultural appropriation
THBT human beings must sow terrestrial life forms on other planets even if that destroys endemic life forms of those planets
THS the creation of similar groups to the Gulabi Gang in Latin America
THW choose China
THBT it should be prohibited all acts of election campaign with the exception of public debates
Assuming it is legal, THW justify that federal states with high rates of violence, hire mercenaries (private armies) to fight organized crime.
This House supports individuals publicizing the identity of people who attend far right protests and gatherings in the USA to their community (coworkers, employers, family etc.)
This House would privatize NASA
This House opposes Twitch's decision to ban sexually suggestive content on their platform
This House would allow victims (and families of deceased) of gun violence to sue the sellers of the gun used in the act for compensation
This House believes that prominent individuals outside politics (e.g. business leaders, celebrities) from developing countries should emphasize the positive aspects of their country, rather than the negative aspects when speaking on an international platform
This House Believes that the US Democratic Party should move to the left in candidate selection and policy platform
This House believes that State Health Services should allow private companies to run hospitals for profit
This House believes that the State should fund the creation of, and access to, realistic androids that simulate romantic relationships.
This House Regrets the glorification of the immediate postcolonial leaders in Sub-Saharan Africa.
This House Believes That South Korea should abandon the goal of, and all policies which aim at, Korean reunification
This House regrets the increasing trend of popular shows featuring neurodivergence* as the central theme. *Neurodivergence refers to those whose psychology is non standard, e.g. for reasons of mental health, mental disability, etc.
This House, as Colombia, would cease cooperation with the USA in the War Against Drugs
This House Believes That Artists should not participate in the ongoing interpretation of their art.
This house supports first generation immigrants to Western Europe encouraging their children to fully assimilate and identify with the local culture
THW prefer a religion which preaches that one's fate in the material world is predetermined rather than one which preaches that choices influence it
THBT the IMF should require direct control over a country's monetary policy as a condition of national bailouts.
THBT liberal democracies should constitutionally enshrine the right of regions to unilaterally secede
THR the shift in the #MeToo movement from victims sharing their experiences to holding public figures to account
THBT the EU should decriminalise human smuggling*. * Human smuggling is the aiding of a willing person to illegally cross a border. It is distinct from human trafficking, in which the person does not consent.
THR the decline of labour union power in the West
This House supports the promotion of collective guilt after large scale crimes against humanity
THBT political representatives should deliberately seek to achieve the best political outcomes for their own local community or constituency, even at the expense of the national interest.
TH prefers bail-ins to bail-outs
THBT feminist movements should mobilise masculinity in service of feminist goals (e.g. "real men respect women") rather than deconstruct it (e.g. raising awareness to the issue of toxic masculinity)
THBT India should actively oppose Chinese aggression in Asia
TH does not regret internet piracy
THW make rehabilitation the sole criteria for releasing criminals from prison
TH, as a member of Pakistan's Economic Advisory Council, would resign.
TH supports the symbolized popularization of painful historical events in modern pop culture.
THW REPEAL ALL NON-COMPETE LEGISLATION
THW NOT ALLOW MEMBERS OF FAMILIES WITH OVERWHELMING SOCIAL INFLUENCE (e.g, The Adeleke Family in Osun State - Davido's family) TO CONTEST ELECTIONS
TH AS HOODIE WILL OPT FOR THE PIG’S VALVE
THW TOTALLY RESTRICT FUTURE COPYRIGHTING OF OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE
TH AS NIGERIA WILL PURSUE ISOLATIONIST ECONOMIC POLICIES
The 2018 FIFA World Cup champions, France, won the tournament with an ethnically diverse team who could trace their origins to Guadeloupe, Algeria, Guinea, Mali, French Guiana, Dr Congo, Martinique, Morocco, and Senegal. Motion:THBT colonial states that directly benefit in sports from the integration of athletes with roots to former colonies, should actively pay dividends to these former colonies, separate from existing financial obligations.
THW ABOLISH COMPULSORY REPRESENTATION
THBT ethnic minorities and movements that seek to break their ceilings(e.g glass, bamboo, black) and eliminate their underrepresentation should prioritize notions of intersectionality over their actual objectives.
THR the practice of banking secrecy
TH as a person appointed as a medical proxy will be held culpable by the patient upon recovery for decisions opposed to their preferred life choices (ideologies, medical choices etc) but crucial to their recovery
"In the context of the Brazilian civil-military dictatorship begun in 1964, This House would directly engage in armed struggle."
"This House condemns the rise of the use of social networks as a vehicle for public debate."
"This House would rather live in a world where globalization had not occurred so intensely."
"Thanks to the hierarchy, this House believes that combating "class oppression" is more important than combating "oppression of identities"."
"Forced to vote between Haddad and Bolsonaro, This House would vote for Haddad."
THW require all schools in New Zealand to become co-educational
THW replace the Māori seats in Parliament with a Māori upper house
TH regrets that President Obama did not enforce the ‘red line’ in Syria
TH, as a US Democratic presidential contender, would make repeal of the second amendment part of their core policy platform for 2020
TH, as India, would embrace China’s One Belt One Road initiative
You are a relatively successful indie film-maker who has been approached by a major movie studio to direct a major film franchise. THW turn down the offer
TH regrets the Obergefell decision
TH prefers a world where everyone believes in free will
This house believes that we should exclusively fund political parties through public funding.
This house regrets written constitutions.
This house believes that, in highly populated urban areas, the government should set a maximum rent that may be charged for residential tenancies.
This house would abolish income tax in favour of consumption taxes.
This house would prefer a world where it is commonly believed that free will does not exist.
This house supports a movement towards granting human rights to AI.
A Western democratic nation has recently been the target of a relatively large terrorist attack. That nation has elections scheduled in a week. This house would cancel those elections.
This house believes that social media companies should aggressively exclude extremist political content from their platforms.
You are one of New Zealand's top historians and have been asked by the Waitangi Tribunal to provide a record of harm borne by an iwi. You are confident your report will be accepted as true. This house would alter the historical documents to increase the iwi's likely Treaty settlement.
You are an innkeeper. It is approximately 0BC. The King has issued an edict requiring all newborns to be handed to his soldiers in pain of death. You know of such a newborn, he is in your inn’s stable. You suspect the child may be sacred to your God. This house would hand over the child.
This house believes that feminists should criticise decisions made by women that seem to entrench patriarchal norms even where women claim it is their choice (e.g. foregoing careers to raise children, having cosmetic surgery).
This house would enforce surrogacy contracts, even if the surrogate mother refuses after giving birth.
This house regrets the Truth and Reconciliation amnesty process.
This house believes that in post colonial countries, land confiscated by colonial powers should be seized by the state without compensation.
This house believes that the criminal law should not distinguish an attempt to commit a crime from successfully committing a crime.
This house believes that juries, not judges, should be entirely responsible for sentencing decisions.
You are a humanitarian charity operating in a conflict-zone and have been instructed that to remain working in the country you must provide 50% of your donations to the government or else all access to the country will be forcibly cut off. This house would remain in the conflict-zone.
This house believes that charities should not accept money from donors they consider immoral.
This house supports student unions who disaffiliate controversial student groups.
This house believes that we should recognise a right to be free from intentionally offensive speech.
This house believes that Western democratic countries should unilaterally evacuate relics of historical or cultural importance located in unstable countries and take possession of them.
This house believes that the International Criminal Court should use private military contractors to arrest people wanted by the Court.
This House regrets the societal expectation of going to the University
This House would introduce quotas for women in League of Legends Esports teams
This House believes that the West should impose an arms embargo on Saudi Arabia
Assuming the technology existed, This House would allow the use of technology X.
In states with high rates of violent crime This House supports assassination of individuals credibly accused of participating in organized crime
This House regrets the demonization of Donald Trump
This House believes that the open immigration policy is not good for Germany
Assuming that a technology exists that can accurately measure and transfer intelligence This House would radically redistribute intelligence among the population
THW allow people to sue partners who cheated on them
THBT Putin is good for Russian power on the international stage
THBT the Bulgarian government should pay reparations to all those who were subjected to the Revival process
THBT the western companies and investors should pull out of the Saudi Arabia's Neom project
THR the increasing presence of nihilism in popular culture (eg. BoJack Horseman, Rick and Morty etc.)
TH prefers to be an averagely intelligent person to a genius
THBT it is NOT legitimate to shame public figures for non:criminal actions they did when they were young (eg. partying, alcohol consumption, soft drugs use, political views etc.)
THS an Opinio System of Education
THS recall elections for national leaders (i.e. presidents, prime:ministers, ministers)
TH as the EU would significantly increase sanctions on Russia as opposed to lifting them
THBT parents should teach morality to their underage children through religious context (e.g. “it is a sin to lie”; "help thy neighbor" etc.)
THW allow workers to sell their rights in exchange for higher pay (e.g. health and safety protections, right to maternity/paternity leave etc.)
THO rise of social media influencers
THBT music streaming services (e.g. Spotify, Apple etc.) do more harm than good
Given the choice, THBT US Supreme Court Justices should be elected by a vote among federal judges rather than a popular vote
This House would mandate by law that all couples must equally share domestic work
TH opposes left wing media using mockery to cover the far right e.g. The Daily Show, Last Week Tonight
This House would prefer that US Supreme Court Justices were elected by popular vote
THBT Croatian Democratic Party (HDZ) should disassociate from Thompson including but not limited to not playing his songs on their rallies, not making public appearance at their rallies etc.
TH as the UK Conservative Party would hold a second Brexit referendum
THBT athletes should not be permitted to express political views during major sporting events
This House Regrets narratives that glorify the elderly (e.g. "The old know better"; "The old deserve more" etc.)
This House Believes That Supreme Courts should refrain from making decisions on controversial social issues (e.g. gay rights, abortion)
During economic crises, This House Believes That states should prioritise fiscal stability (i.e. balancing budget) over increasing public spending
This House Believes That international criminal tribunals should introduce the death penalty for individuals convicted of crimes against humanity
This House Believes That academic journals should not publish articles that characterize colonialism as positive
Assuming feasibility, in countries with conscription, This House Would forcibly delete all soldiers' memories of combat situations upon their discharge
This House Believes That the deaf rights movement should disproportionately emphasize the positive experiences associated with being deaf
This House, as Iran, Would resume its nuclear weapons program
This House Would allow political parties to make binding electoral promises that, once broken, will immediately trigger reelection
This House opposes the dominant social norm in favor of monogamy
This House prefers a world with a dominant norm of not expressing strong emotions
This House Believes That President Vladimir Putin is good for Russia
This House Would abolish constitutional monarchies
This House Believes That the Pope should be elected by Catholics around the world
This House Believes That Asian education systems should actively promote the view that Asian culture is superior to Western Culture
This House would consider politicians under oath when making public statements on political issues* (* thus making them criminally liable for perjury if they lie about facts)
In countries where compulsory military service for men exists, this House believes that feminists should advocate for the conscription of women
This House believes that the LGBT movement should embrace the message that sexuality is a choice
This House believes that United States foreign policy should seek to significantly restrict Iran's influence over Syria
This House opposes Consumerist Culture* (*Consumerist Culture is a culture where consistently purchasing goods is expected and considered a marker of social status)
This House believes that in Western states with high rates of unemployment the state should act as an employer of last resort (i.e. the state should directly employ people who are unable to find a job elsewhere)
This House would allow individuals to sue religious institutions in their community for propagating beliefs that cause them significant harm
This House would allow communities to reduce the amount of policing employed within their neighborhoods
This House believes that the Obama administration should have prioritized affordable tertiary education over affordable healthcare
This House would allow the creation of Savior Siblings* (*a child who is born for the purpose of providing an organ or cell transplant to a sibling who is affected with a fatal disease)
This House believes that the state should curb assortative mating* (*the phenomenon of people primarily entering relationships and building families with those of similar social and economic characteristics)
This House would remove quarterly reporting requirements for publicly traded companies
This House believes that prominent institutions in marginalized communities (churches, schools, community centres, etc.) should practice the politics of respectability
This House supports the US's use of economic warfare (tariffs, targeted sanctions, etc.) against China in order to force compliance with the rules of the global neoliberal economic order (opening up its economy, protecting intellectual property, not engaging in currency manipulation, etc.)
This House would remove all health restrictions for prospective adoptive parents
This House believes that developing countries should never commit to having their sovereign debt disputes settled by courts in foreign countries
In countries with vigorously contested campaign contribution regulations, this House believes that the political left should not contest the premise that money is speech and should, instead, contest how that speech is regulated
In a plurality of cases, this House believes that the "me too" movement should, on balance, prioritize a path towards redemption over retribution
In legal systems where constitutional courts practice judicial review, this House would apply the "no precedential effect rule" to judgments by single judge margins
This House believes that the horrors of history are incompatible with a belief in a Judeo-Christian God
This House would legalize and train sex workers specifically to work with disabled people
This House Would Not Consume The Art of People Who Have Engaged in Gravely Unethical Behavior
This House Regrets The Belief That Technology Firms Will Solve The Climate Crisis
This House, as the US, would stop all arms sales, military support, and other aid to Saudi Arabia
This House would prefer a world where memory is permanent and infallible.
This House opposes the continued progress towards deep global economic integration (e.g. very low tariffs and free movement of capital and labour across borders).
Provided that it wins control of Congress and the White House, this House believes that the Democratic Party should increase the number of justices on the Supreme Court.
This House believes that the liberalization of sexual behaviour prompted by the sexual revolution fails women today
With the goal of improving representation in media, this House would create original characters who belong to underrepresented groups, rather than re-imagine existing characters
This House opposes the propagation of Canadian exceptionalism
THBT democratic governments should never be allowed to exercise prior restraint, even in cases of national security.
THW eliminate the government's ability to enact back to work legislation for all education workers.
THBT state subsidization of art should be distributed through a random lottery
THR the glorification of self-made success
In Canada, criminal court judges are appointed. In other countries, such as the US, Japan, and Switzerland, judges are elected. The methods and voting systems used to elect these judges varies based on country and municipality. In the US for example, judges run for local office in the same way as other politicians (eg, mayors, council people, etc.), and sometimes have a party affiliation for campaigning. Motion: THP elected over appointed judges in criminal courts
THW eliminate trial by jury and replace it with trial by judge
As an author of a non-colonial language (Inuktitut, isiXhosa, Gikuyu, etc) THW only write in one's native language.
Assuming the two are mutually exclusive, THW prefer wage subsidies over a raised minimum wage.
THW allow for free and open use of CRISPR technology in all medical research.
Other than a prospective student's net family income, THW remove all social factors (ie, race, gender, disability status) from university admissions' decision processes.
THBT Canada should take the lead in seeking the diplomatic isolation Saudi Arabia
THW hold social media companies legally liable for content on their platform
thbt the search for new, habitable planets should be prioritized in space exploration
TH prefers a world where romantic relationships are initiated by an algorithm that matches prospective partners to a near-perfect degree.
THW mandate retirement from Congress at age 65.
This house, as a Palestinian, would advocate for a 1-state solution.
THBT universities that invite controversial speakers should be required, within a reasonable time frame, to invite a speaker that supports the other side of the controversy.
THBT the feminist movement should actively recruit conservative women.
Assuming Democratic control of the House, THBT the Democrats should prioritize the impeachment of President Trump.
“The premises of this mission should be inviolable. The agents of the receiving state may not enter them, except with the consent of the head of the mission.” Motion: THW repeal Article 22 Subsection 1 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations.
TH supports ANTIFA. Good luck everyone.
THW create specific zones where community members can legally participate in nonviolent, illicit behavior (e.g. sex work, drug use).
This House would create a military space force.
This House would require all voters to attend civic education classes.
THBT science is the key to human flourishing.
As the US Federal Government, THW significantly increase spending on foreign aid.
THBT social media is ruining democracy.
THBT affirmative action should be scrapped.
TH encourages fluidity in expressions of identity.
THW have elected representatives take an oath to pursue policies only if those policies are supported by a significant majority of their constituents.
Ban football for minors
Democrats should abandon identity politics as a central tenant of their campaigning strategy
Ban the use of persistent surveillance systems by police forces
Given the technology to grant immortality exists, it would be treated as a positive right
The dangers of fat acceptance outweigh the harms of fat shaming
The Trump administration should abandon its widespread use of tariffs as a tool to boost the US economy
The United States should cease all diplomatic and military operations in the Middle East
State governments should refuse to uphold mandates from the Supreme Court of the United States
This house believes that the southern african development community (SADC) should pursue political union
TH regrets art that glorifies gaining material wealth
TH prefers a world in which children are raised to aspire to be single rather than married
THBT the ACLU should work to maximize civil liberties regardless of ideology.
THW pay politicians the median wage in their country
This house regrets South Africa's rainbow nation narrative
THBT environmental organizations should start a campaign of sabotage and destruction against major pollution companies
THW ban media sources from taking institutional stances on the innocence or guilt of people who have been charged with a crime, but not yet convicted or acquitted
THW significantly tax vacant homes
THW require all isolated religious communities (eg. Hasidic Jews, Jehovah's Witnesses, etc.) to give all 18-year-olds a 'Rumspringa'.
THW exclusively fund African NGOs instead of Western NGOs working in African countries.
THW strongly subsidize and promote feminist pornography.
TH would forbid western tech companies from accepting chinese standards in order to access the chinese market (e.g. Google accepting censorship, Apple moving servers to china etc).
THW ban ownership of 3D printers for personal use.
This House Opposes cultural and academic boycott.
This house regrets the commercialization of social movements.
This house would require companies to provide economic compensation & job retraining to those unemployed by the automation of their work.
This house believes that the Democratic Party should move toward socialism in candidate selection and policy platform.
Developing countries should ban the entry of charitable organizations that tie aid or services to religious conversion.
This house believes that anonymous resistance from inside the Trump administration is a heroic act.
In areas of high crime, this house would impose a curfew on men.
After a speaker has been invited, THW allow university students to vote to reject the speaker from coming to campus.
THBT LGBT+ Pride campaigns should focus on direct protest rather than celebration
TH, as a western democracy, would prefer relations with a stable autocracy as opposed to an unstable democracy
Assuming the technology to significantly alters the body exists (eg, changing memory capacity, limb reinforcements...) thw recognize a right to morphological freedom
TH, as an indvidual, W not consume works produced by immoral artists
THBT food ethics movements should disavow sustainable consumption marketed by large corporations (eg, Starbucks, Chipotle)
THBT cities should not use investment incentives to attract businesses
TH, as the UN, would facilitate independence referendums when requested by semi-autonomous regions
"You are presented with a choice before you are born. You can be born into this world, or you can be born into a world without any religion or spirituality. Regardless of your choice, once born, you will not remember having made such a choice.	THW choose to be born in a world without religion"
THP antiheroes as the dominant female archetype in literature and film
THBT the left should publicly support the violent suppression of alt-right speech
THS the seizure and redistribution of land owned by the descendants of former colonizers in post colonial states
THP a world where nobody can lie
THW nationalize pharmaceutical research
THBT having children is immoral
THBT successful minority activists have a duty to donate their effects to schools that represent their community (eg: women's universities, HBCUs, Tribal Colleges, etc)
THW ban non-disclosure agreements in the private sector
a 2014 study reported that 19% of trans* people were denied health care by their provider due to their gender identity; 28% experienced harassment in a medical setting; 28% postponed care due to discrimination. Currently,there are approximately 6 doctors in the US and 2 in Canada that perform genital reconstruction surgery. Trans* people may have transition-related needs that create dependency on the healthcare system. Motion: THW establish and fund separate health clinics to provide accessible and comprehensive care to trans*gender people
THBT the media should portray mass shootings as exclusively the result of social narratives of masculinity and systemic misogyny
After a speaker has been invited, THW allow university students to vote to reject the speaker from coming to campus.
THBT LGBT+ Pride campaigns should focus on direct protest rather than celebration
TH, as a western democracy, would prefer relations with a stable autocracy as opposed to an unstable democracy
Assuming the technology to significantly alters the body exists (eg, changing memory capacity, limb reinforcements) THW recognize a right to morphological freedom
TH, as an indvidual, W not consume works produced by immoral artists
THBT food ethics movements should disavow sustainable consumption marketed by large corporations (eg, Starbucks, Chipotle)
THBT cities should not use investment incentives to attract businesses
TH, as the UN, would facilitate independence referendums when requested by semi-autonomous regions
THW choose to be born in a world without religion
TH opposes the attempts by the feminist movement to redefine roles and behaviours traditionally associated with women (e.g. wanting to be a housewife, wearing make-up and heels) as empowering.
THS countries withdrawing from the International Criminal Court in order to create their own regional replacements (e.g. an African Criminal Court, an InterAmerican Criminal Court).
In areas of chronically low academic attainment, THBT the general approach of educational charities should be to focus resources on maximising the potential of exceptional students, over helping the lowest achieving.
THS the rise of computational creativity (Infoslide: Computational Creativity' is a scientific field researching AI models that simulate or replicate human creativity. Projects in the field include but are not limited to using AI to script films, compose music, write poetry, and paint).
THW give legislative veto power to a Future Generations Commission (Infoslide: For the purposes of this debate, a 'Future Generations Commission' is an independent body mandated with mapping the long-term impacts of governmental policy on the young, or unborn generations).
Actually, THW rather see one innocent man go to jail than see 100 guilty men walk free.
Where resources are significantly limited, THBT states should actively promote religion in areas of high poverty.
THR 'Operation Car Wash'. (Infoslide: Operation Car Wash' is a broad investigation conducted in Brazil that revealed extensive corruption. As a result of the operation, the left-leaning Workers' Party have lost power, and far-right candidate Jair Bolsonaro has been elected president)
THBT it is immoral for individuals who have met their basic needs to not donate any excess wealth to utility maximising causes.
TH prefers a world in which all children are conceived with DNA from a global genetic database.
From behind a veil of ignorance, TH would choose to not be born.
Assuming feasibility, THW ban all research into the possible genetic origins of sex, race and sexuality.
THBT environmental advocacy groups should prioritise lobbying governments to change environmental policy (e.g. cap and trade policies, banning environmentally harmful chemicals) rather than convincing individuals to take responsibility for their contribution to environmental damage (e.g. reducing/recycling waste, taking public transport).
TH, as Israel, would end compulsory military service.
THR the depiction of the everyday life of people with disabilities as inspirational.
THBT the South African government should incentivize the movement of people out of townships, rather than focus on policies that try to economically develop townships.
THBT post-conflict states should actively promote a unifying national narrative in the history curriculum.
THBT the US should cut all political, economic and military ties with Saudi Arabia.
THBT social movements should reject the glorification of political violence.
THW allow city and local governments to be held civilly responsible for deaths that can be ascribed to homelessness.
THBT the use of erotic capital by women does more harm than good.
THP a world where people believe you should maximize productivity to a world where people believe you should maximize leisure.
This House would allow people raised in isolated communities (e.g. the Amish, Hasidic Jews) to sue their communities for harms caused by their lifestyle
TH, as the US Democrats, would give funding for the border wall in order to definitively end the government shutdown
This House regrets mainstream media's popularization of Western drag culture
THBT liberal states should fund the hacking of infrastructure designed to limit freedom of speech in authoritarian states
This House regrets the increasing presence of nihilism in popular culture (eg. BoJack Horseman, Rick and Morty, Nihilist Memes etc.)
This House prefers a world where everybody believes in the concept of a sleeping God rather than an active God.
This House believes that Tech Giants (e.g. Google, Amazon, Facebook) should NOT be permitted to sue for patent infringement
This House would rather be a part of the "Club 27" than live an average anonymous life
This House believes that the world was better 10 years ago #tenyearchallenge
This house regrets the rise of the gig economy.
THBT it is in the interests of the four central Asian states to establish the CAU. (Infoslide: The Central Asian Union (CAU) was a tentative agreement to establish greater regional cooperation among Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan following the dissolution of the USSR. This included a collective peacekeeping force, closer economic integration (e.g. negotiating as a bloc in international trade agreements, a proposed common currency), and coordinating on foreign policy. The CAU was never fully realized.)
THW require sporting teams that recruit internationally to pay recruits to compete in domestic leagues for a period of time before leaving to play abroad.
THW release the Federal Reserve from the dual mandate. (Infoslide: Since 1977, the US Federal Reserve has operated under a "dual mandate" from Congress to pursue full employment and low inflation. Under traditional macroeconomic theory, there is a tradeoff between these states exemplified in the Phillips Curve. Other central banks have different mandates; e.g., the European Central Bank has a singular focus on price stability.)
This house would become a scientist. (Infoslide: You are a citizen in a state that issues a mandatory aptitude test. You are not required to pursue a career based on the results of the test. You scored the highest in your country on math and science, you are predicted to be one of the best scientists of your generation. You are also a very talented artist. Your true passion lies in art.)
This house would publicly fund all elections.
This house would pardon all deserters at the end of major war campaigns.
In post-conflict societies, TH prefers the creation of art with an inspirational and unifying message over art that depicts the prior or current suffering.
This house supports the creation of charter cities in developing nations. (Infoslide: "Charter Cities" are tracts of uninhabited land set aside by host nations that would be semi-autonomous and administered by a developing third-party government. Citizens of the host nation could move in and out as they so desire. In recent years, Honduras has explored the option of establishing a charter city administered by the Canadian government.)
Assuming that no other life existed in the galaxy, THW prefer a humanity that collectively expands and colonizes other planets to one that preserves and adapts to the Earth.
THR the choice by gun control activists to focus on mass shootings as the primary consequence of gun violence
THP the English Rule to the American Rule* *Info Slide: The English Rule requires that the loser in a lawsuit pays the winner's legal fees, and is observed by nearly every Western democracy. In the United States, however, the both sides pay their own attorney fees unless otherwise specified by the judge (this is rare).
THBT political parties should actively prohibit candidates with radically different beliefs from running under the party name
TH, as a major news agency, would only publish positive reviews of minority-focused media (Queer Eye, Moonlight, Call Me By Your Name)
THR the prominence of religious rehabilitation programs in prisons
THBT all national economic policy (taxation, monetary policy, tariffs, etc) should be set by an appointed panel of economists rather than by elected officials
TH, as an emerging economy, prefers supporting domestically-based banks to the exclusion of multinational financial institutions (for example, providing support to Banco de Mexico and the businesses and individuals who use BdeM in Mexico, but not those who bank at HSBC Mexico).
THP a conception of human rights which derives its authority from a divine being rather than a secular source.
THP a world without state-funded news organizations (e.g. BBC, AlJazeera, China Xinuan News, Russia Today (RT), etc.)
THW expand the legal definition of a "false police report" to include reports made with minimal information, or reports that could reasonably be considered unnecessary.
THBT the development of highly realistic virtual reality technology for recreational use does more harm than good.
THP state capitalism over liberal capitalism.
THS governments donating the organs of an individual after death, even against the wishes of that person or their family
THW require participants of institutions from former colonial powers to pay higher registration fees when attending large-scale international events (such as academic conferences, sporting events, debate tournaments, etc.)
TH as the OIC would cease business with China (eg freezing assets, boycotting firms, imposing tarrifs, imposing sanctions) until the Uighurs are given safety and religious liberty
THBT disruptions of the government (eg fillibusters, civil servant strikes, and government shutdowns) are a legitimate political tool
THBT extreme economic need should be grounds for asylum
THBT the US should abandon complete denuclearization as a prerequisite to easing sanctions on NK
THR the rise in political consumerism
Given a way to accurately measure an individual's empathy, THW only allow individuals with high levels of empathy for people beyond their immediate circle to vote in elections.
THBT the IMF should require collateral in exchange for loans
TH, as the Pope, would abolish the concept of Hell
TH, as the EPP, Would Expel Fidesz
In cities and areas with rapidly increasing housing costs, THW tax new residents and use the revenue to subsidize housing costs for citizens already residing in the area
THS the creation of a global citizenship market
THR the narrative that forgiveness is a virtue
THBT governments should stop funding scientific programmes that have no immediate benefit for humankind (such as space travel and exploration, human cloning)
THBT Western states should permanently revoke the citizenship of citizens who join terrorist organisations
TH regrets the EU’s introduction of freedom of movement
THW suspend trade union powers and significantly relax labour protection laws in times of economic crisis
THBT causing deliberate harms to enemy civilians, by the weaker side, is a justified tactic in asymmetrical warfare
Infoslide: For the purposes of this debate, you are an out gay/lesbian individual in a Western liberal democracy.
TH regrets the idealisation of motherhood
THBT female political candidates in liberal democracies should not appeal to traditional female roles in their campaigns
Assuming feasibility, THW sacrifice the rich.
THBT professionals should have the right to refuse to provide their services based on religous grounds.
This house, as an upper-middle-class African American, would resettle in Africa.
THW give land grants to women in developing nations
THW provide amnesty to violent political dissidents in exchange for removing their ability to vote or run for public office, e.g. the integration of FARC rebels into Colombia
THW actively relocate unemployed people living in areas of high and structural unemployment
THW publicly televise the execution of death row inmates
THW ban embedded journalism
THS the idea of authoritarian reformers in developing countries.
TH, as an Asian American, would not support the suit against Harvard University.
Assuming that technology to do so existed, THW would progressively tax happiness and redistribute it.
THR the celebration of soldiers as heroes.
THBT it is always unjustifiable to maintain friendship with somebody who use hate speech.
THBT liberal media organisations should actively glorify democratic candidates of color.
THBT being single is preferable to being in a relationship.
THR the westernization of the elites in post-colonial countries.
TH as the US would never militarily intervene in other countries.
THW actively instill a value of disobeying authority in children.
THR the concept of martyrdom
THBT the United States and its allies should abandon the use of gay rights diplomacy in developing nations.
THW reallocate public school funding to create a voucher program for the poorest 10% of American households
THBT in times of crisis that threaten the existence of a community (e.g., famine, war, plague, natural disaster, etc), capable individuals from the community have a moral obligation to dedicate their time directly towards ending the crisis instead of pursuing nonessential activities (e.g., playing sports, making non-propagandist/apolitical art, going on vacation to the beach, pursuing education irrelevant to the crisis, etc.
Assuming a world where superheroes exist, TH, as the United Nations, would regulate their engagement in conflicts
THBT Muslim states in Asia (including but not limited to Malaysia, Indonesia, Afghanistan, etc) should participate in currency, finance, and resource unions with Arab states rather than regional powerhouses (e.g. China, India, Russia).
TH, as a hopeful for the Democratic presidential nomination, would not endorse Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s Green New Deal
THBT the European Union should expel Hungary
This House Supports the rise of websites that provide free access to open source and pay-wall protected academic resources
issues that are classically seen as part of the political domain are increasingly decided on by courts through legislation. Examples include, but are not limited to: the Dutch state successfully being sued to take stronger measures against climate change (Urgenda) and forcing political parties to allow women as candidates (SGP), the British Supreme Court deciding whether the Lower House should have a vote on Brexit and Trumps measures being increasingly challenged in courts. Motion: THR the judicialisation of politics
THW allow natural persons to pay people not to vote
THW choose the job they are passionate about
India, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Thailand, Japan, and South Korea. The structure of the alliance treaty replicates all the clauses of the NATO treaty. Motion: This House supports Asian NATO
This House prefers a world with a dominant norm of not expressing strong emotions
Dulce et decorum est Pro patria mori. Motion: This house believes that ”Dulce et Decorum Est pro Patria Mori” (i.e. the belief that it is sweet and right to die for your country)
THW give two votes to members of disenfranchised ethnic minorities.
THW ban TalkToys
THBT liberal democrats should provide financial and legal aid to their citizens who wish to permanently migrate abroad.
THBT Asian countries should pivot away from US and seeker closer ties with China.
THBT Pope Francis should take radical action to convince Catholics to vote only for political parties who promote redistributive policies.
THBT states should prioritise the lives of their own soldiers over those of enemy non-combatants.
THR the decline of Marxism in Western Europe.
THS civil rights activists using disruptive or violent civil disobedience as a tool of protest (e.g. the Stansted 15, Gilets Jaunes/Antifa movements)
THBT major film studios should substantially increase the number of lead roles for female villains in their blockbuster films
THS a Unity Ticket by prominent members of the Republican and Democratic parties in the 2020 US presidential elections
THW implement filial responsibility laws
THBT states should actively attempt to make contact with Uncontacted Peoples and provide them with modern medicine and technology
THBT developing countries should actively discourage the creation of primate cities
TH prefers a world with a widespread belief in Radical Freedom
THR the trend of centring self-destructive/antisocial characters as protagonists in media (e.g. Bojack Horseman, Rick and Morty, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, Sherlock, Mad Men…)
THBT the scientific community should reject the view that science and religion are non-overlapping magisteria
TH opposes the ownership of pets
TH regrets the romanticisation of art that is pursued for non-material gain (e.g. glorifying the ‘Starving Artist’)
THW abandon African Union plans for a single currency
In states with a significant ethnic minority population, TH supports the creation of political parties solely pursuing the interests of an ethnic minority group
TH supports the use of mirroring in popular culture (eg. music videos, movies, art, literature, etc.) (Mirroring is the performance or reversal of stereotypically misogynist actions by women, often for feminist purposes: eg. reverse cat-calling.)
TH supports the full separation of religious and political activities in Muslim-majority States
TH believes that governments should oppose the formation of education hierarchies
TH prefers a world where co-parenting is primarily non-romantic (conducted by consenting partners who have no romantic or sexual relationship, eg. friends)
Given a trade-off, THW direct environmental policy towards mitigation of climate change, rather than prevention.
THW make Ulysses contracts legally enforceable
THW require all professional football teams to be majority-owned by their fans
TH, as Turkey, would heavily align its foreign policy agenda towards Russia
THW prohibit the media from reporting on the mental illness of those accused of crimes
THW make college admissions a randomized lottery
THW record and publicize all criminal trial proceedings (eg, indictment hearings, testimonies, jury deliberations)
THS international intervention in Venezuela
Assuming it could be done without placing the burden of secrecy on adults, THP a world in which individuals are unaware of the existence of organized religions for the duration of their childhood.
THR the narrative of the American Dream.
THR society's focus on the perspectives of mass murderers
THBT western tech companies should actively pursue contracts with the Chinese government and Chinese firms
TH, as the LGBTQ+ community, would boycott RuPaul's Drag Race.
Assuming the public would never find out, THP historical narratives that prioritize equal representation throughout history, even if people and events need to be fabricated.
THBT States/Provinces/Territories should be able to decide whether to implement federal laws and regulations.
THBT Indigenous/Metis peoples should be guaranteed a middle-class income as reparations for past injustices.
THBT the public’s right to know ought to be valued above the right to privacy of candidates for public office.
THS Prohibit the advertisement of prescription medicine to the general public
THBT all undocumented minors should be granted permanent residency.
THS allow the populace to petition for revotes of elected officials during their term
THS ban providing military aid to authoritative regimes
THS substantially increase its development and/or engagement to the Republic of India.
THS Considerably decrease its regulation of genetically modified foods.
THBT liberal supreme courts should misinterpret the constitution to advance progressive rights
Assuming that it would be illegal for anyone to become stateless, THW create a marketplace for the buying and selling of citizenship between private individuals.
THBT there is no moral obligation to follow the law
The westminster model is a form of government in which the executive is drawn from the elected parliament (ie. Canada, UK, Australia ect.) The prime minister is the head of the largest party or coalition, and all the cabinet ministers are Members of Parliament. In a Presidential Executive only the President (and Vice President) are elected by the population and all cabinet positions (executive) are appointed by the President (ie. the United States, France). The President also normally does not have direct control over the legislature. Motion: THS the presidential executive over the westminster model
THW break up big tech companies (Amazon, Facebook, Google).
As part of the post-conflict government transition, TH, as the US would have partitioned Iraq into 3 separate states.
THW, as a parent, teach their daughters to devalue romantic relationships
In minority communities, THW prioritize free access to university over higher standards of schools education
THBT DINOs do more harm than good to the Democratic Party
THR the decline of tightly integrated families
THBT governments should actively incentivice people to move away from areas with few viable economic activities
THW take the blue pill
THBT the United States should return to the policy of pressuring and sanctioning North Korea
THW ban the media from reporting on ongoing sex offence trials
THW welcome the downfall of global capitalism
THW divide the United States of America into multiple countries
This supports prison abolition as opposed to prison reform.
This house regrets the modern idealization of Civil Rights leaders as moderate, pacifist, and respectable.
THR the stance of U.S. foreign policy in favor of Sunni forces in the Shia-Sunni conflict in the Middle East.
THBT LGBTQ+ activists in non-Western countries should use and advocate for LGBTQ+ rights and individuals using their local historical terms (mahjie, hijra, etc.) instead of Western terminology (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender etc.).
This house regrets the corporatization of higher education.
TH, as Japan, would support closing all U.S. military bases on Japanese territory.
THW create matriarchal semi-autonomous regions within countries, and provide legal, political, and economic support to them
THO employer-provided benefits (e.g. health insurance, childcare, retirement investment accounts)
THW pay known gang members to not commit violent crimes
THBT secondary education (ages 10-18) should focus on preparing students for local workforce needs rather than focusing on well-rounded basic education (i.e. mathematics, literature, physical and biological sciences, art, history)
THW embrace transhumanist philosophy.
After popular uprisings resulting in the overthrow of long-time dictators, THBT Western nations should make support (e.g. diplomatic recognition, foreign aid, investments) to the new government explicitly contingent on holding internationally observed elections within 6 months of the dictator’s end.
THW no longer require parental consent for administering invasive procedures on adolescents (e.g. piercing and tattoos, cosmetic surgery, sex reassignment surgery, etc.)
THR the decline in influence of ‘gatekeeping’ media institutions (major newspapers, network news, etc.)
THO democracy
THW ban the colonization of space
THR the decline of Black militant groups
This House, as South Africa, would forcibly break up exclusive Afrikaaner enclaves
This House believes that the protections of international law conventions and treaties should not apply to combatants from terrorist organisations (e.g. prohibition on torture, prisoner of war status, guarantee of post-conflict release)
This House opposes the norm that romantic love should be the primary source of fulfilment in a person's life
This House believes that the ongoing process of decolonisation should include actively disempowering religions that were imposed on the country during colonialism
This House would implement substantial measures to impose long-termism in corporate investment culture (e.g. minimum holding periods for shares, yearly rather than quarterly financial reporting, long-term executive compensation plans)
This House supports granting megacities autonomous control over their economic and social policy (e.g. immigration, health, criminal justice) with national taxation policy remaining under the control of the federal government
This House would actively encourage women not to have children
This House believes that the United States should disengage from Syria
This House believes that developing countries should privatise their State-Owned Enterprises (such as airlines, railway utility companies)
This House would grant individuals and organisations open standing to challenge the constitutionality of laws enacted by their government
This House believes that it is unjustified to assist evil regimes in systematically persecuting members of their identity group in order to mitigate and moderate the regime's abuses (e.g. Israel Kasztner in Nazi-controlled Hungary, Wang Jingwei in Japan-occupied China).
This House would subsidise art that glorifies the working class
This House supports governments significantly increasing their use of big data-based predictive models in decision-making to replace human judgements (e.g. criminal justice policy, allocation of healthcare resources, housing development)
In the lead up to the 1994 negotiated settlement in South Africa, this house believes that the ANC should have demanded further concessions (e.g. removing the amnesty provision in the TRC, greater land and economic rights) even at the expense of prolonging the conflict.
This House believes that the WHO should adopt a convention which bans the sell of drugs with high resistance tendencies (e.g. antibiotics) to countries which do not comply with WHO guidelines regarding their medical and agricultural use
This House believes that an approach of Political Expansionism on the part of the Chinese state is in the interests of the Chinese people
This House supports a norm of embracing anger in public discourse rather than one of aspiring to dispassionate objectivity
This House would impose a narrow banking regulation
This House believes that the present condition of humanity is preferable to its condition in 100 years time.
This house believes that the US should ban extremist groups (e.g. the KKK and neo-Nazi groups)
This house believes that the WTO should allow developing countries to impose policies aimed at protecting domestic industries, even at the expense of harming international trade.
THR the rise of “Sharing Culture”
This house believes that states should significantly fund female-only tech companies
This house, as Israel, supports the Jewish People’s Intelligence Services Doctrine.
This house supports universities treating students as customers (eg by allocating significant resources to improving students lifestyles, and granting students influence over university decisions and the content and delivery of course curricula)
This house believes that Western institutions should neither cooperate with, nor use the data produced by, non-Western medical institutions that do not meet Western standards on human clinical trials
This house believes that LGBT groups should actively seek to include Side B Christians.
This house supports the creation and use of Lethal Autonomous Robots (Lethal Autonomous Robots are fully autonomous military weapons that can select and engage targets without human intervention).
THB that Western European states at high risk for terror attacks should implement 'state of emergency' laws.
THR the mass deregulation of the financial sector
TH as the Kremlin would commemorate the 1917 Russian Revolution as a tradegy rather than a triumph for the nation.
THBT Greece should introduce significant financial incentives for companies and individuals currently based in Athens* to relocate to other Greek cities *Over a third of the Greek population lives in Athens.
THBT it is in the interest of the Chinese Communist Party to cease attempts to infringe on "One Country, Two Systems" in Hong Kong, rather than continuing its current approach.
THW encourage women to be selfish
THBT it is in the interest of dominant organised religions for their leaders to declare more progressive interpretations of traditional dogma* *e.g. on dietary and pilgrimage requirements, the acceptability of contraception, same-sex relationships
THBT consumers should predominantly aim to buy locally produced goods and services
THW break up Disney
THBT schools should teach children to be skeptical of parental authority
In circumstances where a unanimous decision is currently required, THP majority voting as the European Council's decision-making approach
THW make police commanders personally criminally liable for instances of police brutality committed by their subordinates
In situations where deliberate economic policies by another state have caused substantial economic harms, THBT international law should recognise that military retaliation can be justified
THBT the US Democratic Party should prioritise employment issues, even at the expense of significant harms to the environment.
TH Opposes the Defining Decade norm
THBT local governments in developing countries should allocate significant portions of their budget via Participatory Budgeting
THBT it is in the interest of the Kremlin to take measures to reduce Russian dependency of China (e.g. limit the selling of raw materials to China, reduce the share of Yuan in Russia's currency reserves, not allowing Chinese companies to develop strategic infrastructure such as 5G in Russia)
THBT communities that have been victims of atrocities should emphasise the narrative of the 'banality of evil' when interpreting those atrocities
THBT the Greek government should have rejected the 2015 bailout deal and sought to negotiate further concessions, even at the risk of not receiving a bailout.
THS the Comprehensive Sexuality Education programme in elementary schools in Africa.
THW reallocate revenues from such industries (e.g mining) to exclusively fund Universal basic healthcare for the poor.
THBT Liberal Democracies have an Obligation to declare all Major Cities in their Countries as Sanctuary Cities. #PAUDC2018 #Akofena19
This House Believes that the AU should exclusively regulate the implementation of the Belt and Road Initiative in Africa
This House regrets the Humanization of Villains in Film and Media [i.e Joker].
The House believes that charitable organizations [e.g Omaze] should not be allowed to obtain donations in exchange for the offer of potential prizes.
This house believes that governments in developing nations should prioritize funding for early childhood development to the exclusion of funding for tertiary education.
In instances where the collapse of financial institutions is imminent, The House supports a bail-in.
This House Supports the public offering of Saudi Aramco
‪This House, as the trans community, would prioritize psychosocial rather than physical makeup as a metric for gender dispositions.
This House believes that religious institutions should use radically leftist interpretations of their teachings in areas of high rates of poverty (e.g Liberation Theology, Islamic Socialism)
THS the use of deep fake technology as a legitimate political tool
THR human ability to adapt to social adversity
This House, as China, would grant universal suffrage to Hong Kong.
This House believes that the United States government should cede the authority to prosecute criminal trials involving African Americans (as either victims or alleged perpetrators) to African American interest groups, and allocate funding for this.
This House would abolish the private ownership of (housing) property in major metropolitan areas.
This House prefers a "Brave New World" to the status quo in Western Liberal Democracies.
This House believes that developing countries should acquire, on the open market, large stakes in major publicly-traded global corporations (eg. Google, JP Morgan, Shell, and Pfizer).
This House prefers a world where, starting today, all humans have identical intellectual abilities (equivalent to the current global average).
This House prefers a world without the Neuralink.
This House prefers a cynical and pessimistic perception of democratic politics to an idealistic and optimistic one.
In a relatively equal society where the "protected sphere model" is the norm, This House, as a parent, would raise their children according to the "deferred happiness model".
This House prefers religions in which all individuals have roughly equal religious obligations and are encouraged to develop a personal connection with the divine, over religions in which religious obligation and access to the divine are concentrated in religious authority figures.
This House would abolish primary and secondary school grades/years that group children based on age, and instead group them by competency and intelligence.
This House believes that the feminist movement should support the narrative that "beauty does not matter" over the narrative that "all bodies are beautiful".
This House believes that ASEAN should abandon "the ASEAN Way"
In liberal democracies, This House would implement a Social Credit System.
This House believes that the Mexican government should adopt measures that enable one cartel to monopolise the drug market. (These measures can include but are not limited to: targeting enemy cartels; selective arrests; stopping military deployments to areas controlled by this cartel; and renouncing the headhunt on its current leaders.)
This House would abolish the Olympic Games.
This House would allow children to sue their parents for religious indoctrination.
This House supports the rapid global elimination of both tariff and non-tariff barriers to free trade.
This House would impose a BBC-style impartiality requirement on all news platforms.
THW require social media companies to monitor and remove falsehoods.
In states where marijuana is legal, this house would provide reparations to individuals convicted of marijuana-related crimes prior to its legalization.
THW formally recognize an independent Kurdistan.
Imagine that you and you alone discover irrefutable proof that there is no afterlife (including reincarnation). Unless you share the proof, the secret dies with you. THW not share the proof.
THW lift sanctions on Venezuela on the condition that they hold new elections overseen by the international community.
THW give judicial leniency to marginalized groups that have committed crimes against privileged groups.
TH prefers a world without sexual attraction
THW repeal the Goldwater Rule.
THW mandate retirement from Congress at age 65
TH, as a Palestinian, would advocate for a 1-state solution
TBHT universities that invite congroversial speakers should be required, within a reasonable time frame, to invite a speaker that supports the other side of the controversy.
TBHT the feminist movement should actively recruit conservative women
Assuming Democratic control of the House, THBT the Democrats should prioritize the impeachment of President Trump
THW repeal Article 22 Subsection 1 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations
TH supports ANTIFA
THW create specific zones where community members can legally participate in nonviolent, illicit behavior (e.g sex work, drug use)
THS ecoterrorism
THBT congressional Democrats should support a policy of total obstruction during Trump's term
THP ad hoc tribunals over the ICC
THW subsidize companies who have a 50% share or more owned by a woman or minority
TH, as an university, would take down statues of controversial figures
THR the narrative that Americans must "support" the troops
THBT the EU has failed
THW leave Omelas
THW not criticize Melania Trump as a way of protesting the Donald
THW stop teaching children that all opinions are valid
THBT African nations should not allow extraction of their national resources by companies from developed nations.
THW save the Pandas (accompanying infoslides)
THBT if NPR and/or PBS cannot survive without government funding, they should be allowed to fail.
THW reinstate the Wet Foot, Dry Foot policy.
THBT it can be legitimate for a person to claim to identify as a race other than the one they were born into.
THBT South Korea should shifts its focus away from its alliance with the United States to strengthen its ties with China.
THBT the EU should implement protectionist economic policies targeted towards the UK upon the triggering of 'Brexit"
THBT Vladimir Putin is a greater threat to the world than Donald Trump.
THW punch a Nazi
This house prefers a world in which social media costs money to use, but users do not give up the rights to their data, to the current world
This house welcomes the production of art by artificial intelligence
This house would place a tax on meat
This house believes that the West should engage in covert efforts to overthrow Vladimir Putin
This house believes that Cabinet appointees should be protected from firing once they are approved by Congress
This house believes that comedians should not be held to modern standards of political correctness
This house would classify catcalling as a felony
This house believes that Black Lives Matter should push for black separatism rather than inclusion
This house regrets the rise of Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
This house would abolish the Second Amendment
Assuming we had the technology to be able to perfectly simulate physical and psychological pain (without killing someone), this house would allow convicted criminals to choose to feel the pain of their victims rather than serve their prison sentence
THBT the Right to Rest should be upheld in all public spaces.
THW require multi-national corporations to adhere to labor and wage standards exceeding those set by ANY individual nation.
THW stop playing “The Star-Spangled Banner”
THW make the provision or sale of junk food and soda to children under the age of consent illegal.
THBT Canada should allow foreigners to access their right to die policy.
College and professional teams should be held accountable when their competitors or coaches commit sexual assault.
THBT China should fix North Korea
THR the Generation War (Millennials vs. Baby Boomers)
Disinviting college and university speakers does more good than harm.
Low-level offenders shopuld have their fates determined by neighbors rather than traditional courts.
There should be no space missions without United Nations scientific approval.
The sharing economy does more harm than good.
Government should create public space on the Internet for social protest and political free speech.
This House would establish a universal passport.
The US federal government should bail out states and cities.
This House supports a permanent seat with veto power on the UN Security Council for Africa.
Colonial powers should pay reparations for the Atlantic slave trade
The US federal government should rewrite its constitution every 25 years
THBT the US should abolish the jury system
THBT marginalized communities are better off construction their own economic and social systems than they are assimilating and/or fighting for equality in the traditional systems
THW preemptively strike North Korea
THBT consumer imaging (eg: TV, commercials, magazines, billboards) is harmful toward women
THW impose a substantially large annual tax on all medical companies who own patents
THW significantly reduce funding for schools that perpetuate inaccuracies in their teachings of indigenous history
THBT social movements should abandon the tactic of publicly shaming individuals in order to accomplish change
THP a tech industry characterized by multiple smaller firms rather than one dominated by a few large players (e.g. Google Amazon Facebook in status quo)
TH, as the US, would re-impose sanctions on Myanmar until the Rohingyas receive political representation
THW require news websites and publications to provide opposing points of view on all politically contested issues
THBT governments should provide significant financial incentives for urban citizens to move to rural areas
THR South Africa's withdrawal from the ICC
THS unfettered free trade
THBT minority comedians should not play up stereotypes based upon their own identity within performances
THW delicense corporations that do not engage in social responsibility proportional to their profit margins (e.g. campaigns to end hunger in a community, giving away portion of profit to charity, implementing more environmentally friendly business operations etc.)
This house regrets the decline of the humanities in higher education. Information Slide:  In academic settings, “the humanities” is contrasted with the study of natural sciences, social sciences, and professional training.  Core fields in the humanities include:  literature, philosophy, history, religion, art, etc.
This house supports laws that protect the health of fetuses (whose mothers intend to carry them to term).
In the event that current talks produce a compromise Brexit deal, this house would put it to a referendum, with “remain” as the alternative
This house would take a pill that permanently made one entirely contented with one’s current life situation.
This house opposes the centrality of sport to national identity.
This house believes that the Black Lives Matter movement should embrace open carry gun laws and engage in armed community patrols. Info Slide:  The Black Panthers began as a group of black citizens in Oakland, California who engaged in armed patrols of the city streets, specifically focusing on observing police behavior and arrests.  In response, California enacted much stricter gun control legislation.
This house believes that the criminal justice system should not consider retribution as a factor in sentencing. 
This house prefers a world in which universities charged tuition based on student earnings after graduation.
This house believes that governments should prioritize the economic improvement of minority communities over the preservation of their culture.
This house prefers a world in which, upon childhood, all people intuitively come to know their natural expiration date.
When responding to civilian casualties, this house believes that the military action taken does not have to meet the principle of proportionality.
This house believes that the interests of the Chinese people would be better served by a peaceful transition into a democracy, rather than a continuation of one party rule.
THR the glorification of startup culture 
THP a world where significant minority groups (e.g. Maori and Aboriginal populations in New Zealand and Australia; Catalonians in Spain; Nations within Great Britain) form their own sports teams rather than partake in the national teams of their country of residence
THS the decline of American influence in East Asia
TH believes that climate change movements should prioritize the mitigation of climate change rather than the prevention of climate change
THW significantly censor the depiction of alcohol in popular culture
Assuming a mechanism exists, THBT NATO should expel Turkey 
THBT governments should significantly invest in social impact bonds to address social problems
THR the narrative that love should be unconditional
THP the governance of the 'The One State'
THBT military conscription (aka involuntary draft) should be considered a war crime
THBT political centrism does more harm than good
THW break up Disney
THW geoengineer the climate
TH as an artist would prefer to be self-taught rather than classically trained
THBT the United States should not take a stance on the conflicts in South America.
THW require social media companies to pay for metadata.
THBT the African Union should condemn the One Belt One Road Initiative
THR intercollegiate debate
This House would allow private corporations to donate to political campaigns in Brazil
THW break up big tech
This House, as Michel Temer, regrets nothing
R1 - THW allow medical professionals to give medicine to underage children irrespective of the children's and their parent's consent 
THW require priests to disclose confessions where it is relevant to ongoing criminal cases 
In countries with large immigrant populations, THW reserve seats for foreign individuals in parliament
THBT political assassination is a legitimate tool in foreign policy 
THW create and enforce filial responsibility laws (mandating that people take care of their parents
THBT sporting teams should be owned by their fans
THW prefer a religion which preaches that one's fate in the material world is predetermined rather than one that preaches that one's choices influence it
TH, as a female climate change activist, would choose not to have children
THBT in authoritarian countries, individuals who wish to improve their societies should actively seek to join the establishment, as opposed to operating outside the establishment. 
The year is 2018. This house, as Imran Khan, would rather lose the election than side with the Establishment
THBT all national economic policy (taxation, monetary policy, tariffs, etc) should be set by an appointed panel of economists rather than by elected officials
TH, as progressive student movements in Pakistan, would publicly ally themselves with progressive student movements in India
TH supports first generation immigrants to Western Europe encouraging their children to assimilate and identify with local culture
THW prosecute communities for complicity in honour killings
TH, as the Pakistan Army, would support the Musharraf verdict
"THP a system where campaign donations are banned and all candidates for an election are equally publicly funded to a world that allows donations to candidates and parties
"
THBT a North American sports league, in seeking to expand beyond North America, should prioritize access and development to the Latin American market over the Chinese market
TH, as Benny Gantz, Would form a government with the Likud and Netanyahu to avoid a March 2020 election
You are a woman in a healthy non-abusive long-term relationship with a man. You make a stable salary with which you can support yourself. Your partner has/makes significantly(ridiculously) more money than you. THW Let him pay for the vast majority of expenses incurred during your relationship
THBT major film companies should use AI to choose which films to greenlight
THBT the United States should adopt more pro-plaintiff policies, such as abandoning the need to prove material harm and intent to defame.
TH as a socially conscious prominent management consultant firm would accept cases for foreign governments with ongoing human rights violations
THR the narrative that immortality is desirable
THBT the US should pursue Modern Monetary Theory
THR the rise of business schools
Assuming support from international activists, THBT indigenous groups should advocate for a boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement against Canada to fight its ongoing discrimination against Indigenous peoples
In response to climate change THS an immediate, indefinite, international workers strike
"This House Would expel states which fail to spend a minimum of 2% of GDP on defence from NATO.
"
This House Believes that feminist movements in the developing world should integrate religious messages and institutions into their advocacy, rather than distancing themselves from them.
This House Believes That the West should massively discourage and disincentivise economic collaboration and exchange with China.
This House Would raise their child to prefer to be single.
THBT the democratic nominee should commit to abolishing ICE
This House Believes That it is in the interest of the Russian Federation for Vladimir Putin to run for a fifth term as President in 2024.
This House Believes That it is in the interest of the Russian Federation for Vladimir Putin to run for a fifth term as President in 2024.
This House prefers technocracy to democracy.
This House prefers technocracy to democracy.
THBT Palestinians should prioritise striving to consolidate a Palestinian state in the Westbank and the Gaza Strip as opposed to seeking the right to return to Israel.
THS universal basic income rather than conditional welfare programs (such as unemployment and food stamps).
THBT Scotland should immediately announce a second referendum on independence from the UK.
Given political feasibility, TH prefers a carbon tax to cap-and-trade.
THBT the LGBTQ+ movement should not have focused on military inclusion as a major policy initiative.
THBT states should not publicly subsidize the production or display of art.
THBT the United States should offer significant military aid, lifting of sanctions, and economic aid to the Venezuelan military if they oust Maduro and support Guaido.
THBT popular referenda should be banned in Western liberal democracies.
TH, as Canada, would not extradite Meng Wanzhou to the United States.
TH, as Canada, would not extradite Meng Wanzhou to the United States.
THBT the threater and musical community should abandon the "no-change" norm.
THBT the threater and musical community should abandon the "no-change" norm.
THBT every billionaire is a policy failure.
"This House would not allow serving politicians or their immediate families to use private services where public ones are available (i.e. education, healthcare)
"
This House prefers a world where individuals believe salvation stems from faith alone, rather than a world where individuals believe salvation stems from a combination of faith and good works
This House believes that feminists should not engage in sex strikes
This House would lift bans on payday lending
When restoring works of art, this House would restore to appear as close as possible to how they appeared when they were originally produced, rather than appeal to contemporary aesthetic tastes
This House believes that prominent individuals outside politics (e.g. business leaders, philanthropists) from emerging market countries with mixed international reputations (e.g. China, India, Iran) should focus on emphasizing the positive aspects of their country, rather than the negative aspects, when speaking on an international platform
In aging societies, this House would provide extensive financial incentives to couples to have multiple children
The House would add a "notwithstanding" clause to the Constitution of the United States and allow Congress to override decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court by normal legislative processes.
Assuming it would be possible to do so, this House would ban the creation of strong artificial intelligence
This House believes that marginalized groups seeking equal treatment should convey their struggle to the public by emphasizing its similarity to the struggles of more prominent oppressed groups, rather than by emphasizing the unique conditions of their own oppression
This House believes that in wartime, there is no material moral difference between civilian and non-civilian casualties
This House, as Mexico, would end all security cooperation with the United States aimed at limiting illegal immigration into the US
THS online piracy in developing countries
THBT environmental movements should be pro-capitalism in their policies and advocacy (e.g., appealing to corporations for green policies, advocating for individual responsibility and sustainable consumption; rather than lobbying governments for extreme regulation, protesting for divestment)
THBT it is in the interest of Germany to support EU bonds
THP a world with radical honesty
THBT it is preferable to be single, than pursuing a successful long-term monogamous relationship
THW allow companies to buy the rights to govern economically failing cities. 
THBT parents should teach morality to their children through religious context (e.g. “it is a sin to lie”; "help thy neighbour" etc.)
THBT, when allocating resources to their children, working class families should allocate most of their resources to support the most talented child in the family.
This House supports the outing of anti-LGBT+ conservative public figures (e.g.: politicians, celebrities) 
Assuming Personal Protective Equipment is sufficiently available, THBT medical workers during a pandemic should have the right to opt out of service.
THBT local queer activist groups should aggressively push for the redefinition of Hijras as ordinary individuals with no unique supernatural powers
This House Believes That Bernie Sanders would have been better than Joe Biden as the Democratic Presidential nominee. 
This House Rejects the desexualisation of queer activism.
This House Regrets cancel culture within progressive movements
This House Supports the rise of atheist movements in Southeast Asia
This House Supports the rise of atheist movements in Southeast Asia
TH prefers representation of queer characters in media whose stories do not centre around their queerness.
THBT states should not prosecute members of terrorist organisations (e.g. ISIS, Al-Qaeda) who surrender to those states.
THW anonymize the funding, display, and sale of art
THW, as a billionaire who opposes Artificial Intelligence, fund violent and destructive action against companies that aim to create strong Artificial Intelligence
THBT NATO should end all political, economic, and military support for the Russian Commonwealth.
THW ban religious institutions from asking for donations from their followers.
THBT former colonial powers should drastically increase the number of immigrants from their ex-colonies.
THBT states without the death penalty should never extradite individuals to countries where they may face the death penalty (info slide: extradition)
THBT the IMF should not make financial support conditional on recipient states adopting austerity measures
TH, as a parent, would teach their female children to adopt traditionally masculine personality traits (e.g. self-promotion, assertiveness)
THR the glorification of hard work
Countries with declining populations should abandon policies that aim to increase the birth rate (ex. incentivising citizens to marry and have children)
THBT environmental advocacy groups should prioritise individual-centric actions (e.g. recycling, not eating meat etc.) at the expense of policy-level changes
THBT WLDs should introduce 'youthocratic' voting.
In cases when economic projects encroach on their land, THBT indigenous communities should strive for compensation over opposing the project altogether.
THBT newly democratized states should prosecute their fallen dictators
THBT feminist groups should reject legal presumptions that are favourable to women (e.g. presumptive custody for women, “women and children first”)
Given that the technology exists and is enforceable, THS a universally applied birth lottery system.
THBT ASEAN should abandon its principle of non-interference in its member states’ political affairs
THW prevent wealthy individuals from being able to write off charity as tax-deductible.
TH, as a liberal-leaning news outlet, would take steps to portray terrorists in a sympathetic light.
THR the firing of employees who have been found guilty by the court of public opinion.
This House would give financial incentives to people who live a healthy lifestyle (eg. no smoking, exercising regularly, healthy diet)
THP a world where the pill exists
This House would implement UBI in times of crisis
This House prefers a world where the Assassins Brotherhood exists
THBT Supreme Court justices should adopt Originalist stances in applying constitutional law
This House prefers to follow a religion where one's fate in the material world is predetermined, rather than one where one's choices and actions influence their fate
This House supports the decline of oil prices
This House believes that in times of severe crisis, individuals have a moral obligation to dedicate themselves towards combating the crisis
Assuming adequate child support services exist, This house would allow opponents of abortion to sign legally-binding contracts with pregnant women, in which they pay the pregnant women not to have an abortion
THW nationalise the Space industry
THS the rise of disclosure culture
THS authoritarian reformers in newly formed states. (Eg: Lee Kuan Yew, Castro, etc)
In a post COVID-19 world, THBT developing countries should prioritize the growth of their domestic markets/industries over foreign trade.
Assuming it was possible, THW allow individuals to permanently alter their memories to forget the dead
THBT parents of children from lower socio economic backgrounds should discourage their children from pursuing majors with low employability (sociology, history, fine arts, etc)
THW make the State liable for recidivist crimes
TH prefers the US modernizing its military at the cost of reducing its military size
THBT feminist organizations should prioritize progressive, well off communities as opposed to communities that are more financially needy, but choose to adhere to strong traditional gender roles
TH Opposes the Informal Economy
Assuming feasibility, THW create sovereign states for each major religion, and offer citizenship to anyone who professes to be a part of that religion
TH, as the Putin administration, would choose to artificially decrease Russia's oil price
Assuming feasibility, THW create sovereign states for each major religion, and offer citizenship to anyone who professes to be a part of that religion
THW ban 24 Hour News Media 
THR the narrative that being a nurse is a calling rather than a job
THW ban Zero Hour Contracts
THW ban religious institutions from opening addiction rehab centers
THW implement a weighted voting system, where your vote counts less and less the older you get
THS first-generation immigrants to Western Europe encouraging their children to fully assimilate and identify with the local culture
THBT Putin has been good for Russia
THBT all governments should designate and publicly announce a list of financial institutions that they would bail out in the event of a crisis
TH would establish English as primary language for education in China (inexact)
This House Opposes educational approaches centered on making children believe they are special
This House Believes That the West should discourage and disincentivize economic collaboration and exchange with China
This House Would break up Amazon
This House Believes That feminists should advocate for the destruction of the traditional family unit
This House Believes That scientific literature should be free
This House Opposes cancel culture 
This House Believes That states formerly under the rule of the Soviet Union should NOT emphasize their history of struggle against Russian imperialism in constructing their national identity
This House Believes That leaders of police forces should be elected by thelocal communities they serve
This House Believes That all countries should implement legislation similar to the US Defense Production Act to combat the Covid-19 pandemic
THW not subsidize national flag carrier airlines
THW stop writing the novel
THBT the feminist movements in Central Asian states should also focus on gender issues that affect men (toxic masculinity etc.) rather than exclusively focus on the issues that affect only women
TH as Nicolas Maduro would seek to voluntarily step down from power
THBT it is in the interests of organized religions to adopt the "rigorous mission scheme"
THBT it is in the interests of organized religions to adopt the "rigorous mission scheme"
THBT members of the Eurasian Economic Union should introduce a new common currency.
TH as a young individual in an authoritarian country who wants to improve their society would seek to do so by joining the ruling party as opposed to operating outside the establishment.
THO the commercialization of competitive debating (such as for profit debate training, paid workshops, paying IAs a salary, paying pros to speak with wealthy beginners, etc)
This House Would ban the breeding of wild animals for petting programs at zoos
This House, as the WWE, would recognize Chris Benoit's achievements and induct him into the Hall of Fame.
This House Supports the US Federal/State governments' re-opening of their economies
In countries with conscription, This House Believes That it is morally legitimate to evade draft
This House Believes That the IMF should significantly relax conditions on loans to African countries
This House Believes That Imran Khan should pivot away from China and towards India.
THW mandate that in any legal case both sides must have access to an equally priced counsel (for example a rich person can hire as expensive a defense attorney as they would like, but money must be provided to the plaintiff if they cannot afford a lawyer of a similar caliber)
THR tv shows and movies that humanize violent, antisocial protagonists (ex: Barry, You, Killing Eve, The Assassination of Gianni Versace, My Friend Dahmer)
THBT Muslim states should sever political and economic ties with India until the repeal of the Citizenship Amendment Act
Assuming you lived a middle class life, THW choose to upload their consciousness to this technology.
THR the existence of high fashion
THBT governments should not condition COVID-related bailouts of the private sector on major corporate reforms (e.g., limiting executive compensation, banning corporate stock buybacks, restrictions on lobbying, increased environmental regulation, etc.)
THBT western liberal democracies should criminalize and permanently disavow private military contractors
THW spend all of Jeff Bezos's money
This House Would allow the use of performance enhancing drugs in professional sport
This House Believes That minorities should not attempt to reclaim slurs that have been directed against them
This House Believes That Ireland should significantly raise its corporate tax
This House Opposes the Rise of Non-Career Politicians
This House Believes That universities should continue with primarily online education post COVID-19
This House Believes That Joe Biden should pick Elizabeth Warren as his Vice President running mate.
This House Opposes Twitch's decision to ban sexually suggestive content on their platform
This House Would violate the ceasefire and kill the leaders
This House Supports rioting as a means of fighting for social justice in the U.S.
THW break up large pharmaceutical firms
THBT feminists should not use rhetoric about women being more empathetic or more caring than men as part of their advocacy (e.g. “Women are good leaders because they are more gentle and nurturing.”)
THBT attacks on non-combatants involved in war activities are a legitimate strategy in war
TH regrets the rise of philanthrocapitalism
THR the societal belief that one should strongly identify with the culture of one's ancestry (e.g. if you are ethnically Chinese, identifying strongly with Chinese culture)
THR the US-Taliban peace deal
THBT teachers and parents belonging to oppressed minority groups should teach children within their group to contribute to the welfare of the group even at personal cost
THP a world without a belief in free will
TH, as the CCP, would publicly acknowledge their errors in their managing of COVID-19 & the creation of a pandemic, and agree to reasonable measures of assistance & compensation to the global community.
TH, in times of economic crisis, would ease bank capital adequacy requirements
THBT Indian feminist movement movements should adopt Lakshmi as a symbol of the movement rather than Kali
THW allow "religious duty" as a mitigating defense for crimes
THR the rise of ideological purity policing
THBT it is in the interest of the Aam Aadmi Party to join in a coalition with the Indian National Congress before contesting in the next general election.
THBT ASEAN should abandon the China-ASEAN South China Sea Code of Conduct negotiations
As an 18 year old female from a lower income family receiving a scholarship to attend a highly prestigious yet highly competitive university, THW invest all their time and resources in the most lucrative field to work in, as opposed to seeking knowledge and experiences from multiple fields
THS the rise of escapist media and art
THW focus economic stimulus packages on businesses instead of individuals
THR the rise of celebrity preachers
THBT militaries should prioritize spending on cyber security over physical security
As environmental movements, THW focus on campaigning against having children as opposed to campaigning to reduce all forms of consumption
TH prefers a world where humans are assumed to be inherently good as opposed to a world where humans are assumed to be inherently evil
THP a world where competitive debating tournaments are always and exclusively hosted online as opposed to always and exclusively in person
"THP a world in which social media platforms use paid subscriptions rather than collect and monetize users' data
"
THBT progressives are justified in refusing to endorse Joe Biden until he adopts significantly more progressive policies in his campaign platform
THBT states should not bail out large corporations with high rates of unemployment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
THBT China should pay reparations to developing nations severely affected by COVID-19
TH, as Dr. Anthony Fauci, would publicly and actively call out Trump whenever he gives false medical advice to the general public.
TH, as Dr. Anthony Fauci, would publicly and actively call out Trump whenever he gives false medical advice to the general public.
Assuming feasibility, THW have all states temporarily cede their sovereignty to international organizations in times of protracted global crisis (e.g. global recessions, pandemics).
THR the widespread use of war-like terminology by world leaders in combating the COVID-19 pandemic
This house, without knowledge of who they will be, would prefer to be born into the 2nd Moon
THS the existence of teleportation
THP a world where, starting tomorrow, women can shoot lightning from their fingertips
THW ban privately contracting the services of superheroes by individuals or companies
TH, as someone with hyperempathy, would not take the pill.
Assuming the technology exists, this house would allow people to buy and sell years of their life.
Assuming the technology exists, this house would allow people to buy and sell years of their life.
THBT Brazil should fully privatize Petrobras / ECCQ Brasil debería privatizar por completo Petrobras
THBT that Western countries should revoke the citizenship of individuals that traveled to the Middle East to join Jihadi groups, even if they were minors at the time of their departure / ECCQ los países occidentales deberían revocar la ciudadanía a los individuos que se trasladaron a Medio Oriente para integrarse a grupos Jihadistas , incluso si eran menores de edad al momento de su translado
THS state attempts to help their citizens find and sustain love (e.g. subsidizing subscriptions to matching agencies such as match.com, significant funding for research on what makes a relationship last, creating courses on how to woo and keep a spouse) / EC apoya que el estado busque ayudar a sus ciudadanos a encontrar y mantener el amor (ej. Subsidiando suscripciones a sitios de citas como match.com, financiando significativamente investigaciones sobre cómo hacer que una relación perdure, creando cursos sobre cómo sorprender y conservar a tu pareja)
THBT major awards of meritocratic distinction (e.g. the Nobel Prize, the Pulitzer Prize, Oscars, etc) should include a moral clause* *a provision that allows the honoree to receive, or hold, the award only in the case they meet a behavioral standard set by the awarding panel. / ECCQ los principales premios de reconocimiento al mérito (Ej. Premio Nobel, Premio Pulitzer, Oscar’s, etc.) deberían incluir una cláusula moral* *una condición que permite al homenajeado recibirlo y conservarlo únicamente cuando cumplan con un estándar de comportamiento establecido por el jurado calificador.
THBT developing countries should pursue the establishment of charter cities / ECCQ los países en vía de desarrollo deberían establecer ciudades chárter
THBT the general educational approach in schools should be to discourage children from assessing their achievements in comparison to their peers. / ECCQ el enfoque general de la educación en los colegios debe ser desincentivar que los niños midan sus logros comparándolos con los de sus pares.
In countries with proportional representation, THS founding political parties that exclusively represents women’s interests / En países con representación proporcional, EC apoya la creación de partidos políticos que representan exclusivamente los intereses de las mujeres.
EC preferiría unirse al Club de los 27 que vivir una vida anónima promedio.
En casos en que un funcionario público sea acusado de corrupción, EC reduciría el estándar probatorio al del “balance de probabilidades”* en vez del de la “duda razonable”.
THW prohibit businesses from adopting a public position on social justice issues (e.g. LGBTQIA+, racial relations, abortion, etc)
THS countries granting rights to nature
ECCQ el involucramientode Estados Unidos en Panama (presencia militar, influencia cultural, relaciones economicas estrechas, etc) beneficia a los panamenos.
This House regrets the decline of the humanities in higher education.
This House supports laws that protect the health of fetuses (whose mothers intend to carry them to term).
In the event that current talks produce a compromise Brexit deal, This House Would put it to a referendum with “remain” as an alternative.
This House would take a pill that permanently made one contented with one’s current life situation.
This House Opposes the centrality of sport to national identity
This House believes that the Black Lives Matter movement should embrace open carry gun laws and engage in armed community patrols.
This House would prohibit the use of statistical risk assessments when criminal courts are making sentencing decisions.
This House prefers the antihero as the dominant female archetype in literature and movies.
This House believes that companies should adopt the practice of Radical Transparency.
This House would immediately abolish Two Schools under One Roof.
This House would ban payday loans.
This House prefers a world where people do not enter romantic relationships before they turn 18.
This House prefers a 2nd term of Donald Trump presidency over a Bernie Sanders presidency.
THW cut government and parliament members wages and pension funds, if they run fiscal deficits.
TH regrets the dominant narrative that moral progress is inevitable (e.g.”The moral arc of history bends towards justice”).
THBT EU should not offer the UK another extension on Brexit after October 31.
TH opposes the stigmatisation of romantic relationships built upon materialistic needs or exchanges (e.g. suggar-daddys, cougars, etc.).
THBT secular states should not allow minority groups to implement their own family law systems.
TH, as the Democratic party, regrets starting the impeachment process of President Trump.
THBT the fight against Climate Change should include taking international action against sovereign countries (such as exclusion from international institutions, sanctions, military intervention, etc.), which allow environmental abuses through direct action or negligence
THO the demonisation of nationalism.
THBT climate change movements should prioritise constructive policy proposals over criticism and obstruction of current policies.
THBT sports assocciation’s ultimate goal should be the integration of women into mixed teams rather than achieving parity between male and female teams.
THBT it was against the interest of Syrian Kurds to align themselves with the West in the Syrian Civil War.
THW never allow parents to make medical decisions for their children that contradict the medical consensus.
THR the integration of PR China into the global economy.
THW release the evidence
TH would attend the Queer Liberation March rather than the Stonewall50 March.
This House, as religious individual would prefer to be a part of a religious community that proselytizes over the one that does not.
This House Believes That China should seek to curb debt at the expense of economic growth.
This House Believes That all wealth beyond the necessary to meet one’s basic needs is immoral.
This House, as the Iranian government, would fulfill its obligations under the JCPOA
This House prefers a world where family love was seen as unconditional as opposed to conditional.
This house as woke liberal parents living in a conservative red state would choose to home school their children
THW not allow media to report on crime reported by refugees
THBT the remaining members of ICC should breakaway from ICC & form their own unified cricketing body
THW never support or finance rebel groups on foreign soil as a tactic of war
THBT the LGBTQ+ Community should include Side B Christians
TH prefer a world where human life naturally ends at 50
THW abandon the use of Hierarchical Diversity Targets
TH as Israel would no longer label itself a Jewish nation state
TH regrets the glorification of the pursuit of meaning of life
TH, as European nations, would grant citizenship to refugees who would sign up for the military
TH prefers a world in which individuals actively use their sexual equity for personal and professional gain
THBT governments should require the portfolios of all multinational e-commerce companies (Amazon, Alibaba, Rakuten etc) to constitute of a minimum 50% of local products in value
TH supports rainbow capitalism
THW ONLY SELECT INDIVIDUALS WITH THE BEST CREDENTIALS IN SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
THBT Indigenous Communities should form their own professional sports teams                                                                              
THW abolish out of court settlements for crimes related to sexual harassment of any kind
THS the rise of Roseanne in mainstream media
TH regrets universalization of western liberal values
"This house prefers leaderless movements.
"
This house would allow plaintiffs to sell their right to sue to third parties.
This house regrets Oxford University's decision to provide more time in their exams.
This house would disallow the practice of Instantaneously Naturalizing foreign athletes to serve on national sports teams.
This house prefers bail-in over bail-out.
Assuming the switch will never be discovered, this house will tell the poor couple their baby died and hand the surviving baby over to the wealthy couple.
THW make athletes widely believed to have used performance enhancing drugs eligible for their sport's Hall of Fame
THR the rise of choice feminism
THS the creation of a governing body for the English language
THBT former colonial powers have an obligation to promote economic development in their former colonies
THBT federal and state governments should prioritize funding for early childhood care to the exclusion of funding for post-secondary education
THP a world in which identity based movements are not compartmentalized
THR the Arab Spring
TH regrets commercialization of counter-cultural or oppositional sub-genres of music
THW grant legal personhood to strong AI
This house believes that companies should publish compensation information for all employees
This house supports the brave new world
This house believes that Hollywood should blacklist anyone credibly accused of sexual misconduct
This house would require all debaters to pass a course in geography before debating foreign policy motions
TH, as the European Union, would create a joint military force
This house would criminally prosecute payers and recipients of sports bounties
This house would regulate Google as if it were a public utility
THW not inform the public
This house prefers a world in which social media costs money to use, but users do not give up the rights to their data, to the current world
This house welcomes the production of art by artificial intelligence
This house would place a tax on meat
This house believes that the West should engage in covert efforts to overthrow Vladimir Putin
This house believes that Cabinet appointees should be protected from firing once they are approved by Congress
This house believes that comedians should not be held to modern standards of political correctness
This house would classify catcalling as a felony
This house believes that Black Lives Matter should push for black separatism rather than inclusion
This house regrets the rise of Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
This house would abolish the Second Amendment
This house would abolish the Second Amendment
Assuming we had the technology to be able to perfectly simulate physical and psychological pain (without killing someone), this house would allow convicted criminals to choose to feel the pain of their victims rather than serve their prison sentence
TH regrets the culture of treating death as an extraordinary event
TH, as a rohingya Muslim fleeing the Myanmar military, would join the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army
THW prioritize sending oppressed minorities first
THW stop romanticizing the 1971 liberation war of Bangladesh
THW require the majority of companies' equity to be owned by sub-management level employees
THBT the LGBT movement should de-emphasize sexualization (e.g. gay pride parades, etc.) in order to prioritize traditional familial values in pursuing their goals
TH, as God, would end the human population now
THR the increasing professionalization of youth athletics
In cities with scarce housing availability THW reallocate funds intended for building or subsidizing affordable housing to providing the means for those in need to relocate to different cities with lower costs of living.
THBT that Western Nations should impose heavy penalties on domestic corporations that punish their employees for engaging in legally permitted speech.
Assuming feasibility, THW distribute development aid to individual citizens rather than governments.
THW have all settler colonial states (Canada, U.S., Australia, Mexico, Brazil, etc.) pay rent to their indigenous populations for all government-owned property.
THP a world without a belief in life after death (heaven, reincarnation, past lives, hell, etc).
Assuming neither standard is upheld in the status quo, THBT society should aim towards becoming a meritocracy as opposed to a society where people are treated equally regardless of merit.
In the aftermath of genocides, ethnic violence or crimes against humanity THO efforts to ban or suppress discussion of ethnicity and/or religion
THBT all nations should take active steps to eliminate all borders.
THW forcibly take owernership of privately-owned homes which are not lived in by their owners during periods of national housing shortages.
THBT, instead of attempting to mitigate the effect of climate change, states should re-divert all existing environmental funding to geoengineering projects.
THR the decision to let the FARC run as a political party.
When tech companies own platform utilities and platform products, THW break them up.
THS protectionism in developing countries.
THBT social justice movements should not actively try to appeal to allies (e.g. the feminist movement deliberately trying to appeal to men, or the LGBT+ movement to straight cis individuals).
THR the Goldwater Rule
Assuming the technology exists, TH supports the use of augmented eternity for people in highly influential positions (e.g: top academics, researchers, CEOs or politicians)
THW make the number of votes an individual has inversely proportional to their wealth (i.e. the more wealth an individual has the fewer votes in an election).
THW grant senior military officers a veto over military decisions made by politicians (e.g. troop deployments, specific missions).
TH supports social movements having strict standards for what members should believe e.g feminists excluding pro-life feminists from the Women’s March.
THBT developing countries with substantial natural resources should nationalise natural resource production.
TH prefers secular governments that exclude all religion from public spaces to those that allow unlimited religious expression.
THBT that feminists should not use rhetoric about women being more empathetic or caring than men as part of their advocacy (e.g. “Women are good leaders because they are more compassionate”).
THBT mainstream Spanish political parties should operate cordon sanitaire policies towards radical populists (e.g. VOX).
TH prefers a world where the majority believed in determinism over one where the majority believed in free will.
THS the use of local lay judges in minor legal cases
This House supports the US’s use of economic warfare (eg. tariffs, targeted sanctions, etc.) against China in order to force compliance with the rules of the global economic order (eg. opening up its economy, protecting intellectual property, not engaging in currency manipulation, etc.)
THW ban the research, production and use of lethal autonomous weapons
TH regrets the Westernisation of the elites in post-colonial societies. (e.g. speaking predominantly in English, wearing western clothing, going to schools and/or universities in the West, consuming predominantly Western media)
THBT shrinking cities should be allowed to impose an “exit tax” on leaving businesses
TH, as the UK conservative party, would hold a second Brexit referendum
THBT liberal states should sponsor the hacking of infrastructure designed to limit freedom of speech in authoritarian states
TH prefers a world in which the prevailing norm is one of serial monogamy rather than monogamy
This House welcomes complete video surveillance systems of public spaces in cities.
This House believes that the EU should pursue further relations with China, at the expense of relations with the US.
This House would criminalize defamation.
This House, as an individual, prefers believing that they can singlehandedly change the world over believing that they are just one pawn in the grand scheme of things.
This House believes that pro-refugee advocacy groups should portray refugees as valuable contributors to society, rather than victims of their circumstances.
This House believes that wages should be predominantly determined by the public utility of a job.
This House regrets rising commodification of close and intimate relationships (including but not limited to hiring actors to play your family members; commercial hugging; premium accounts on dating apps).
THBT women should decline chivalrous gestures
THS using social media platforms to depict stories from the Holocaust
THW ban religious arbitration courts
THS the strategy of “decapitation” in fighting transnational criminal organizations
THW NOT enforce pharmaceutical patent infringements within developing nations
THW create and teach a unified history curriculum in the European Union
THO social media banning of alt-right figures
THBT Gavrilo Princip was justified in killing Archduke Franz Ferdinand
THS the use of extra-legal and illegal methods to provide wider access to knowledge (e.g. sci-hub, hacking Jstor, unauthorised distribution of files and copies)
In places where conscription of men already exists, THBT the feminist movement should advocate for conscription of women
THW ban private ownership of 3D printers
THS such organizations
THW elect 51% of parliament by lottery
THR the modern high priorisation of sexual compatibility in romantic relationships.
THO artwork that humanizes pro-regime germans during the Second World War
In areas where minorities face significant barriers to traditional representation of their culture, THS ethnic majority artists who focus their work around minority culture’s appreciation.
THBT companies should pay corporate tax in all countries that they operate in (proportional to the amount of revenue made in that country), as opposed to only the country that their headquarters are registered in.
THR the demonization of Russia in Eastern European countries.
The year is 2020 and in the UK a second referendum on Brexit has reversed the original decision. TH, as the EU, W not allow the UK to cancel Brexit.
THBT all military strategies are justified if they save more lives than they cost.
THW destroy the evidence
thr the glorification of altruism
th, as the us Democrats, would agree to fund trump's border wall in exchange for increased gun control measures
thr the recreational ownership of pets
thw relocate refugees to countries based solely on the receiving countries' level of economic wealth
thw set a cap on the personal wealth an individual is allowed to own (including the value of shares that individuals own in companies
thw subsidize youths that opt into entrepreneurship instead of pursuing university degrees (designing, launching, and running a new business eg start ups)
th, as the actress would accept the role
in developing nations, thbt workers should be allowed to trade off their employment benefits (eg pensions, health insurance, protections from labor laws) in exchange for higher wages
thw make it a war crime to kill child soldiers in any circumstance
thw ban personal accolades in team sports
THBT the US should abandon complete denuclearization as a prerequisite to easing sanctions on NK
THR the rise in political consumerism
Given a way to accurately measure an individual's empathy, THW only allow individuals with high levels of empathy for people beyond their immediate circle to vote in elections.
THBT the IMF should require collateral in exchange for loans
TH, as the Pope, would abolish the concept of Hell
TH, as the EPP, Would Expel Fidesz
In cities and areas with rapidly increasing housing costs, THW tax new residents and use the revenue to subsidize housing costs for citizens already residing in the area
THS the creation of a global citizenship market
THR the narrative that forgiveness is a virtue
THBT governments should stop funding scientific programmes that have no immediate benefit for humankind (such as space travel and exploration, human cloning)
THBT Western states should permanently revoke the citizenship of citizens who join terrorist organisations
TH regrets the EU’s introduction of freedom of movement
THW suspend trade union powers and significantly relax labour protection laws in times of economic crisis
THBT causing deliberate harms to enemy civilians, by the weaker side, is a justified tactic in asymmetrical warfare
THW never enter into a relationship with a closeted individual
TH regrets the idealisation of motherhood
THBT female political candidates in liberal democracies should not appeal to traditional female roles in their campaigns
THBT European countries should change school syllabuses to disproportionally emphasis Arab and Islamic contributions to European culture.
THW hold the Catholic Church legally responsible for sexual abuse, harrasment and grooming committed by clergy members.
THBT the BDS movement reduces the likelihood of a two state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Given the technology was available, THW allow the sale of personality traits and characteristics (such as IQ, musicality and determination).
THW grant Maduro and main officials of the Venezuelan regime amnesty in exchange for handing power over to Juan Guadio.
TH as a Yellow Vest, supports attempts by Les Emergents to run for elections in European and French elections.
This house would require companies to hire a significant percentage of employees without university degrees across all levels of their organisation
THBT the EU should cut structural funds to member states that undermine civil and political rights (e.g. restrict court independence, reduce media and academic freedom, etc.)
Assuming the existence of empathy enhancement drugs, THW ban such drugs*
THW make the weight of votes proportional to a person’s expected remaining lifespan*
THBT feminist movements should integrate religious messages and institutions into their advocacy
THW ban private military contractors
TH prefers a world in which people can’t lie
THW prefer a world where wealth is seen as shameful
THBT women should pay less income tax than men
THW give up
THW never support or finance rebel groups on foreign soil as a tactic of war.
TH, as the parent of a child prodigy, would push that child to maximize its potential.
THBT environmentalists and animal rights activists should launch violent campaigns against companies that pollute the environment or violate animals' rights.
THW introduce a maximum wage.
THBT the WTO should allow developing countries to impose tariffs on imports from developed countries.
THBT mainstream political parties in Europe should impose a "cordon sanitaire" on radical populist parties (e.g. VOX, AFD, PPV).
THBT housing activists in San Francisco should advocate for the abolition of zoning regulations rather than increased rent control..
For nonviolent infractions (e.g. failure to pay tax or debts, possession of illict substances), THP an individual social credit system over incarceration.
THBT liberal media outlets should prioritize sensational reporting (e.g., Daily Kos, Young Turks) over neutral journalism (e.g., CNN, New York Times).
THBT environmental activists should reject eco-friendly public-private partnerships and insist on stricter environmental regulations
THBT search engine algorithms and results should not be protected by the First Amendment as editorial speech.
THBT it is in the interest of Britain to have a second referendum on Brexit.
THBT capitalism and feminism are fundamentally incompatible.
This House believes that the European Union should adopt the basic income 
This House believes that every European school system should abolish homework to combat school drop-out
This House believes that caloric and fat-rich foods, commonly called junk food, should be taxed more than "healthy foods"
This House believes that Italian high school students should be allowed to choose their own study subjects from those offered by the school
This house believes that social networks have improved our lifestyle
This house believes that the G20 countries, in order to save the planet from global warming, must adopt more ambitious global CO2 emission reduction targets than those of the Paris Accords
This House would abolish prisons.
This House regrets the thought of the "Zero Hour
This House believes that all states should create and publish a list of those financial institutions that would be saved by Bail-Out in a crisis.
This house would abolish the Womens’ League in chess
This house prefers the transhumanist world to the current state of humanity in the western world
This house prefers a post-growth society to a society geared towards growth.
This house would allow the selection of all-female juries in sexual assault cases
This house supports countries withdrawing from the International Criminal Court in order to create their own regional replacements (e.g. an African Criminal Court, an InterAmerican Criminal Court).
This house would move Pakistan’s capital to Karachi.
After a speaker has been invited, this house would allow university to vote to reject the speaker from coming to campus.
This house believes that all laws regarding climate change should be subject to a referendum only open to those aged 30 and below.
This house supports the 'Right to be Forgotten' on the internet.
As the author of a non-colonial language (e.g. Marathi, Inuktitut, IsiXhosa, Gikuyu, Tibetan, among others), this house would only write in its native language
This House Regrets the societal expectation of going to university.
This House, as a parent, would allow Vought America to inject their child with Compound V
THW ban zoos
This house, as the US government, would break up Facebook, inc.
In areas with high crime, this house would impose a curfew on men.
THS Antifa
If brought back to the 2018 ballot in the Pakistani General Elections, this house would still vote for the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf (PTI).
THW tear down gated communities in the developing world.
THBT education systems should actively teach sticking it to the man.
TH, as the international community, would support the BDS Movement in light of the Jewish Nation State Bill.
THW fabricate evidence in order to prove that historic icons had been gay.
THW give the Rohingya Arms.
THW require religious establishments to have female clergy in order to qualify for tax breaks
THBT the discovery of a means to stop the human aging process would be a curse to humanity.
TH regrets the USA's decision to leave the UNHRC.
TH as Pakistan in 1979 would remain neutral in the Afghan War
THW ban violent video games.
THS quotas for women in parliament
THW outlaw plea bargaining
THW abolish private property
THW elect the Chief of Army Staff of the Pakistani Military.
THW privatise the water supply.
THW compensate workers for the loss of jobs resulting out of automation.
THW ban religious political parties in secular states.
TH regrets the rise of call out culture.
THBT states should construct data based profiles of their citizens (China social credit for example)
Given the state of the world, THBT it is immoral for humans to willfully reproduce
THW replace all social safety net policies with a comparable universal basic income.
THW assimilate.
TH rejects all sports mascots which depict humans
THW encourage feminists to troll, meme, and shame the patriarchy.
TH, as foreign militaries, would condition material support to the United States Armed Forces on the removal of the Trump Administration.
TH, as the United States Federal Government, would take all necessary steps to eliminate Mexican drug cartels.
TH rejects the idea of ethical consumption.
THW implement substantial measures to impose long-termism in corporate investment culture (eg. minimum holding periods for shares, yearly rather than quarterly financial reporting, long term executive compensation plans)
THW prohibit hedge funds from purchasing sovereign debt issued by countries nearing insolvency
TH supports job security legislation
TH, as the BJP, would reinstate Articles 370 and 35(A) of the Indian Constitution.
TH, as Xi Jinping, would remove Hong Kong’s Special Administrative Status
THR the erosion of national sovereignty by large supranational bodies (eg the EU and the UN)
THR the rise of movements based on ethical consumption
THBT anyone living above the national median wage has an obligation to donate all excess wealth to charity
THW implement universal jurisdiction for environmental crimes
TH, as Greta Thunberg, would openly denounce capitalism as the root of climate change
THW prevent climate change deniers from seeking political office
TH, as Iran, would cease all support for military groups in the Middle East (e.g. Hezbollah, Hamas, Houthis etc)
THBT governments should abandon the strategy of "decapitation" in fighting terrorism. Infoslide: In the context of anti-terrorism, decapitation refers to the strategy of targeting terrorist leaders for assassination.
TH, as the Chinese state, would send in the People's Liberation Army to take back control of Hong Kong
TH, as a leftist politician, would adopt political disinformation campaign tactics.
THR the use of identity-based self deprecating humour by minority entertainers in popular culture
THBT the EU should expel member states who join the Belt & Road initiative
THP a world in which religious leaders (Priests, Imams, Rabbis etc.) are not seen as having a deeper connection with religious deities (ex: God or Allah) than regular members of the faithful.
In cases where individuals are convicted of leaking state secrets, THW allow their convictions to be nullified by a national referendum.
THBT it is unethical to have children.
THP a geniocracy over rule by democratic representation.
THR the narrative that money can't buy happiness.
THS THE GLORIFICATION OF START-UP CULTURE THAT ENCOURAGES PEOPLE TO CREATE THEIR OWN BUSINESSES RATHER THAN PURSUE TRADITIONAL CAREER PATHS
THR THE PHENOMENON OF SENSITIVITY SCREENING
THBT CONSERVATIVE STATES SHOULD AGGRESSIVELY EMBRACE LIBERAL IDEOLOGIES IN THE PURSUIT OF PROMOTING ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT
THS THE PRACTICE OF CULTURAL CHRISTIANITY
TH CELEBRATES NO NUT NOVEMBER (NNN)
ASSUMING IT WOULD BE ILLEGAL FOR ANYONE TO BECOME STATELESS, THW CREATE A MARKETPLACE FOR THE BUYING AND SELLING OF CITIZENSHIP BETWEEN PRIVATE INDIVIDUALS
THW PROSECUTE LEADERS WHO REFUSE TO IMPLEMENT UNIVERSAL HEALTH COVERAGE (UHC) POLICIES FOR MENTAL HEALTH CASES AND OTHER PRIMARY HEALTH CARE EMERGENCIES
THS THE BANNING OF POLITICAL PARTIES ADVERTISEMENTS ON SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS
TH AS GOOGLE WILL ADOPT THE HIPPOCRATIC LICENSE
THR THE WOKE CALL-OUT CULTURE
THW choose China
THR THE BORDER CLOSURE
That, as a feminist parent, we would send our daughter to an all-girls school as opposed to a comparable co-ed school.
That feminists should actively campaign for quotas and increased female involvement in the military.
That we should ban pregnant women from working during the last month of their pregnancy.
That we should allow scientific journals to publish anonymous papers.
That schools should be allowed to expel students who are violent or consistent bullies, even if there is not a school immediately willing to take them.
That, assuming feasibility, governments should cap parents' expenditure on their children to an amount equivalent to the current median expenditure per year.
That we should hold pharmaceutical companies liable for harms caused by widespread misuse of their drugs.
That we should allow doctors to override Advance Care Directives.
That judges should prescribe Naltrexone instead of mandating Alcoholics Anonymous for offenders of minor alcohol related crimes.
That African American rap artists have a moral obligation to donate their disposable income to African American low socioeconomic-status areas
That the queer community should abandon the trend of making queer events/celebrations open to cis/straight allies (eg. bars, parties, events, mardi gras, etc).
That schools should encourage children from minority backgrounds to 'code switch'.
That prominent social activists (e.g. the leaders of Black Lives Matter, Aung San Suu Kyi) should not choose to run for office. (
That it would be in the interests of the Democratic Party if Kamala Harris were to win the Presidential nomination instead of Bernie Sanders.
That we would, as the Coalition, dedicate substantial resources into challenging the legal status of minor parties and their candidates (eg. Section 44, the number of signatures, etc.)
That the state should offer criminals a new identity upon serving their sentence (e.g. new name, new background, optional plastic surgery).
That judges should not consider whether evidence was collected legally when deciding to admit it.
That we should ban prison guards from striking.
That the public, via referendum, should be given the power to pardon/give amnesty to whistleblowers.
That, as a Rohingya Muslim fleeing the Myanmar military, we would join ARSA. (Octo-finals) That we regret the custom of giving gifts.
That we regret narratives of deference to the elderly (e.g. "older people are more experienced").
That the Bretton Woods institutions (i.e. the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank) have done more harm than good.
That, assuming feasibility, we should charge corporations a tax equal to their Social Cost instead of company tax.
That the queer community should actively embrace religious organisations and queer religious individuals in its leadership positions and advocacy.
TH REGRETS THE COMMERCIALISATION OF ANTI-RAPE PRODUCTS
THIS HOUSE AS THE US CIA WILL DISCLOSE IT
THBT GLOBAL SPORTS GOVERNING BODIES (EG. FIFA) SHOULD PRIORITISE GEO POLITICAL CONSIDERATIONS IN SITUATING CHAMPIONSHIPS
TH AS THIRD WORLD COUNTRIES WOULD OFFER ITS ELECTED OFFICIALS THE GRAFT LEEWAY
THW implement the Teacher Independence Model in schools for children aged over 12.
THR twitter adding a fact-check function
THW incentivize work from home (*not only for the duration of the pandemic)
THW grant all nation states the right to veto any transfer, out of their country, of art which is deemed to be cultural heritage
THW forbid universities in the US from accepting research funding from China
THW spend the significant majority of foreign development aid on interventions proven to be effective by RCT.
TH, as a feminist hacker, would seek to disrupt tradwife spaces (for example, by methods such as DDos, phishing, defacement)
THP the rule of the governing AI, with elections on priorities over, traditional representative democracy
THW ban all forms of pornography
THW ban standardized testing
THW require parents to obtain the State's approval before having children
THW hold city and local governments civilly responsible for deaths that can be ascribed to homelessness
This house believes that feminists should criticise decisions made by women that seem to entrench patriarchal norms even where women claim it is their choice (e.g. foregoing careers to raise children, having cosmetic surgery).
THBT oppressed minority groups should pursue violent resistance (i.e. rioting) as opposed to peaceful protest when seeking reform.
TH, as Russia, would pursue an oil war against Saudi Arabia
THP a world where people are unable to forget their life experiences
In liberal democracies, THW ban the media from reporting on ongoing sex offence trials
THBT western museums should return historical artifacts to the nations where they originated.
THBT governments should financially incentivize people to move away from areas with few viable economic activities
THBT the attacks by Palestinians on civilians actively supporting the Israeli government (politicians, businessmen, etc.) are justified ways of fighting for independence.
THR the narrative that 'women can have it all' (career, family, children, etc.)
THBT it is in the interest of Russia to have Putin continue in power after 2024 elections
"Regardless of whether or not sexual identity is a choice, TH regrets the born this way narrative
"
TH would nationalize all nationally systemically important financial institutions
THW not allow revolutionary leaders and their families in post-conflict societies to run for political office
THW censor any music which promotes derogatory attitudes towards women.
THB the EU should offer automatic membership to any constituent member that leaves the United Kingdom.
THR the self-commercialisation of indigenous culture. (For example, Maori “village tours”, Aboriginal art fairs, and Native American casinos).
THW ban all forms of self-incrimination
THB that the countries of former Yugoslavia should create a common history curriculum and textbook.
THR the existence of caste-based political parties in India.
TH, as the survivor community, would choose not to.
THW welcome an isolationist America
TH opposes the portrayal of criminal lifestyles as “cool” in popular entertainment (e.g. Narcos, Breaking Bad, Scarface)
THBT Greece should ban Sharia law in Western Thrace.
THB that it is in China’s interest to not retaliate to the imposition of tariffs by the Trump Administration
THO the buying and selling of emotional services
THBT social media platforms should aggressively prioritise content from the mainstream media over less established media outlets
THP a world in which this machine exists
THW ban individuals credibly accused of corruption from running for public office.
THBT the general approach of states should be to repatriate refugees once they no longer have a well-founded fear of persecution or violence.
THW take the Blue Pill (to forget)
This House believes that the rise in illegal downloading and streaming services has been beneficial to the world of music.
This House believes that the Poor of the Developed World are entitled to vote for policies which protect their own economic interests at the expense of those of the Global Poor.
This House would make having a women‘s football team a requirement for playing in the English premier league (EPL).
Supposing feasibility, This House Supports the establishment of a Queer Republic
This House would make voting power depreciate with age.
This House would prevent the development of geoengineering techniques.
THW abolish juries in all criminal trials
Given the opportunity THW reject immortality
This House believes that the Israeli government should grant citizenship to permanent Palestinian residents in Israeli-controlled areas.
This House believes that the pursuit of social mobility is doing more harm than good.
TH supports giving legal personhood to internationally recognized important environmental spaces (e.g., Mount Everest, the Amazon) as a form of conservation
TH prefers a world with a widespread belief in radical freedom
TH supports the creation of charter cities in the developing world
THBT social movements should focus on publicly shaming corporations to change business practices rather than trying to achieve these outcomes through legislative action
THBT the 'cultural defence' is a legitimate defence in criminal proceedings
THBT the U.S. Federal Reserve should purchase equities (i.e., buy stocks)
TH supports the narrative that All Cops Are Bad
"
TH prefers a world where romantic love is not the primary consideration in a marriage"
THBT South Korea should develop its own nucler weapons
THW grant only non-male individuals the right to bear arms
THBT Muslim majority states should not perform the hajj until Saudi Arabia and its allies withdraw from Yemen
THS the establishment of LGBTQIA+-only schools in conservative areas
THBT India should seek prompt de-escalation, even at the expense of territorial concessions, in relation to China in the Sino-Indian conflict
THW allow children who have reached the age of majority to sue their parents for religious indoctrination
THW prefer not to be born than to live a deeply immoral yet pleasurable life
THO the glorification of courage in popular culture
THBT it is in Mahathir's interest to cede leadership of the Opposition to Anwar Ibrahim
THBT sex education classes in schools should teach techniques for sexual gratification (including, but not limited to, anal sex, oral sex, mutual gratification and masturbation)
THBT Israel should adopt the Corpus Seperatum plan
THBT Carrie Lam should resign
THBT the US should require the NRA to pay reparations to victims of gun violence
THW ban the creation of saviour siblings
THW take the Blue Pill over the Red Pill
THR the rise of silicon valley culture
THBT India should join ASEAN
THBT universities should establish "dangerous spaces"
THW establish a content rating system (e.g. the MPAA rating system for movies) for children’s and Young Adult literature - Round 2 
THW put an absolute cap on non-essential expenditure by parents on each of their children
THBT prominent social media platforms (e.g Twitter, Facebook, Weibo) should not allow politicians or political parties to make public accounts
THS the pirating and mass availability of academic resources
THW cancel all debts to international organisations (e.g. the IMF) or other countries held by the governments of the poorest 20% of countries
THBT in areas of socio-economic deprivation, schools should train students in vocational skills to the exclusion of the liberal arts
THS the illegal removal of statues of popular historical figures by social justice movements who consider them to be offensive (e.g statues of Winston Churchill in the UK, of Sukarno in Indonesia, etc)
THBT international media organisations should only use local reporters to cover foreign stories and events
THBT identity groups within the feminist movement (e.g. the trans community, black feminists, etc) should lobby and campaign as independent movements rather than together as a single movement
Assuming feasibility, THW allow individuals to sell their units of Intelligence Quotient (IQ)
THR the narrative that in times of crisis (for example: major natural disasters, war, pandemics) frontline workers are national heroes
THP a world where significantly more women are cast in lead villain roles by film and TV studios
THW require policing budgets and policy to be decided by local referenda
THR the glorification of youth
THBT it would be in the interest of the Russian state to pivot away from China and towards the West
THR the focus on the personal identity and private actions of politicians
TH prefers, as a means of enrolling people in the army, conscription by lottery rather than aggressive recruitment of volunteers
THBT the scientific community should reject the notion of "non-overlapping magisteria"
TH supports the rapid global elimination of both tariff and non-tariff barriers to free trade
In countries with a lack of medical professionals, TH, rather than regulate who can be a healthcare professional, would provide optional certifications of competence
THR The increasing trend of left wing censorship in university campuses and the overall academic and literary sphere
This House Believes That the state should strongly incentivise highly educated individuals to have children
This House believes that the protections of international law conventions and treaties should not apply to combatants from terrorist organisations (e.g. prohibition on torture, prisoner of war status, guarantee of post-conflict release)
THP a world in which African nations persued aggressive trade deals with China at the expense of all western aid
THW make all punishments imposed by the criminal justice system proportional to the wealth of the accused
This house prefers a world in which people predominantly believe that all decisions, thoughts, and actions of all in the universe are pre-determined.
THW institute a health credit system (inexact wording)
THBT states should be legally liable for recidivist crimes (inexact wording)
This house, as person X, would choose to upload yourself onto the digital afterlife instead of going through with the surgery
THR violent protests
In a world where realistic android relationships are possible, THS the rise of relationships with realistic androids
THR cancel culture
This house believes that progressive social movements in developing countries should prioritise campaigning for changes to official laws and governmental policies over changes in mass attitudes and beliefs.
THW remove veto powers from permanent security council members and redistribute it to historically neutral countries (e.g. Ireland, Switzerland, Panama, etc)
THW consider "public interest" as a mitigating factor for investigative journalists prosecuted for committing crimes (e.g. breaking and entering, breaching privacy etc) in the course of an investigation
Where resources are significantly limited, THBT states should actively promote religion in areas of high poverty.
THBT it is legitimate for oppressed communities (e.g. poor African American communities in the US) to not pay taxes towards the government
THW break up big tech companies
THW compel all social media companies to offer multi-tiered paid subscription services instead of free for all access.
This House Would end all state financial support to religion
This House Would create an international court to prosecute leaders adopting disastrous economic policies
Given a way to measure an individual's empathy, This House Would only allow individuals with high levels of empathy for people beyond their immediate circles, to vote in the election.
This House Supports the increased presence of the "intellectual dark web" on mainstream media
This House Believes That states formerly under the rule of the Soviet Union should NOT emphasize their history of struggle against Russian imperialism in constructing their national identity
This House Believes That Supreme Court justices should adopt 'original meaning' theories when interpreting constitutions
THW allow only women to be the heads of political parties
This House Believes That the state should strongly incentivise highly educated individuals to have children
This House Believes That the EU should employ similar tactics to those Russia used in the 2016 US election in order to undermine the Trump administration
This House regrets the westernisation of the elites in post-colonial countries (e.g. speaking predominantly in English, going to schools/universities in the West, consuming predominantly Western Media).
THW require the use of a draft by lottery when engaged in extended military intervention.
THS filial responsibility laws (infoslide provided)
THBT criminal defendants who hire private counsel should not be afforded the right against self-incrimination at trial.
THP a world with memory writing technology
THBT Israel should set aside a certain percentage of seats in the Knesset to be elected by diaspora Jews.
THS health insurance companies offering terminally ill patients the option of a lump sum payment to forgo expensive life-extending treatments.
TH regrets virtue signalling on social media
THBT X should take the job of CEO
THBT Batman should abolish his no kill rule
THW programme self-driving cars to prioritise the number of lives saved when faced with unavoidable collisions as opposed to prioritising the safety of the driver/passenger
THW require all historically major polluters to open their borders to environmental refugees
THR effective altruism
THBT the feminist movement should actively recruit conservative women
THBT developed states should freeze all debt repayments from developing states until the COVID-19 crisis is effectively contained
THBT the educational system should portray drug use in an objective way (with all pros and cons), rather than in an solely negative light
THR the glamourization of start-up culture that encourages people to start their own businesses rather than pursuing traditional career paths
THBT environmental advocacy groups should prioritize lobbying governments to change environmental policies (e.g. Cap and trade, banning environmentally harmful chemicals) rather than convincing individuals to take responsibility for their own contribution to environmental damage (e.g. reducing / recycling waste, taking public transit)
THO the rise of billionaire philanthropy
THS filial responsibility laws
THBT developing nations should distribute, as a dividend to citizens, income derived from natural resource extraction
The GOP should seek to run an alternate candidate to compete with Trump during the presidential primaries
This House Would hold a second binding referendum on whether the UK should leave the EU
This House Regrets the feminist movement's devaluation of traditionally feminine roles
This House Regrets the increased prevalence of hostile architecture
This House Would not intervene in the internal affairs of Venezuela
This House Believes That acts of political protest that intentionally result in the death of an individual protester should not be stopped by others (for example: self immolation, in protest of Tibet)
This House Believes That acts of political protest that intentionally result in the death of an individual protester should not be stopped by others (for example: self immolation, in protest of Tibet)
This House, the US Congress, Should enforce the war powers act by limiting the ability of the executive branch to independently use military force against or within the boundaries of sovereign nations, except when authorized by Congress 
THW ban works of art that glorify criminality
TH as Bernie Sanders would run as an independent candidate
THBT westen liberal democracies should withdraw funding from Bangladesh until blogger killers are arrested and tried
THBT Dalai Lama should urge Tibetans to end their resistance and integrate with China
THW require all visitors to gain entry permission from the tribal community before visiting the region
TH supports the decision of female athletes to use their sexuality to market themselves.
THW publicly flog the perpetrators of minor sexual misconduct such as harassment and eve teasing.
THS international commercial surrogacy
THBT the T should leave the LGB
THW ban rape pornography
THBT states should prosecute sexist or misogynistic comments
THBT true women's liberation can never coexist with organized religion
THW deny all government subsidized health benefits for individuals who choose to lead an unhealthy lifestyle
THW ban all youth wings of political parties in developing countries
THW give less punishment to the poor for petty crimes
THW not allow countries undertaking military intervention abroad to harvest natural resources while they are there
Assuming the technology exists, THW remove aggression from human behaviour
THW grant protesters the right to use non-lethal weapons to violently, but proportionately retaliate
THW embrace the rise of private cities (i.e. Eko Atlantic,Tatu City,Hope City,Cite le Flueve)
TH, as Christians, regrets the rise of popular mainstream artists co-opting Gospel themes in their works (i.e. Kanye West Jesus is King)
TH, as US, would covertly begin boosting the amount of foreign election interferences done by CIA
THP a world where Homo Sapiens is not the sole surviving human species
THW not grant employers access to applicants' criminal records
TH, as Saudi Arabia, would advocate for Yemen to be split to three countries; South Yemen led by al-Zubaidi STC, Yemen led by Abd Rabbuh Al-Hadi and North Yemen led by Houthi
THBT implementing bonded government scholarships are in the interest of developing states
THBT the feminist movement in the West should heavily promote the concept of 'self-partnership'
THBT the European Union should immediately grant full membership rights to Bosnia and Herzegovina
THBT the Pope should excommunicate Rodrigo Duterte
THBT environmentalist groups should fully abandon advocating for the mitigation of climate change, in favour of campaigning for adaptation efforts instead (e.g. building sea walls, genetically modified crops, exploring alternative living habitats)
You have been a moderate Republican for the last 10 years, and identify the most with the GOP establishment. THR the 2016 election of Donald Trump as president of the USA
THBT the choice of the economic liberalism as a dominant doctrine by major international financial institutions does more harm than good
THR the social preference for positivity and optimism
THP a world where humans cannot perceive aesthetic beauty
THBT the notion of journalistic objectivity has done more harm than good.
THBT the United States should pursue aggressive containment of China (e.g. economic sanctions, diplomatic threats, remilitarization of South China Sea and Japan, countering China's influence in various regions).
THR the dominant narrative that individuals should "do what they love".
THBT developing countries should pursue investment agreements that require state-to-state arbitrations, compared to agreements which grant foreign investors standing to sue governments in investor-state arbitrations.
THW disallow religious leaders from publicly endorsing, rejecting, or commenting on any political party or candidate.
"THR anthropocentrism in the environmental rights movement.
"
THW place a time limit on all private land ownership in major cities.
THBT the feminist movement should focus its efforts on encouraging men to "lean out" rather than on encouraging women to "lean in".
THBT it is justified for an individual to prioritise their own self-interest over alleviating universal suffering.
THBT social media platforms should aggressively remove unverified information
THW require companies valued at $1B or above to trade publicly* 
THW NOT publish this information
TH, as the EU, would pass a binding resolution to impose significant economic sanctions on Israel in the event that Israel unilaterally annexes any part of the West Bank
TH prefers to live in a world where personal success and failure are predominantly seen as a consequence of random factors rather than personal choices
THBT Queer movements in the developing world Should attempt to dissociate themselves from modern Queer movements in the west
As the resistance group, THW accept the offer
THR the use of nostalgia in political campaigning 
THO the demonization of dark humour / comedy
THR the Heroisation of Covid-19 Frontliners.
As an Asian parent, THW teach their child to actively reject the 'humble culture"
THBT the GNA and its allies should abandon any attempts at peace negotiations and continue its current push against the LNA
THS Black rights movements in the West's strategy of actively campaigning to defund the police instead of pushing for institutional reforms
THW prohibit the dismissal of employees for their use of free speech or expression.
TH, as a POC witnessing a non-violent crime (theft, trespassing, drug possession) by another POC, would choose to not call the cops.
THBT gender and sexual minority groups (feminist and LGBTQIA+) should ensure that decision making and representation for their cause is done by members of the minority group and limit the advocacy of allies to support and mass action (such as protests and petitions)
THW facilitate religious proselytization in areas of high socio-economic deprivation
TH, as Bangladesh, would recognize Israel
THBT Lebanon should abolish the system of Confessionalism
TH supports the creation of feminist political parties
THBT GOVERNMENTS SHOULD HAVE AUTONOMY TO DIVERT A PORTION OF CHARITY DONATIONS TO CHARITIES THEY DEEM TO BE MORE USEFUL/RELEVANT
As Black Lives Matter Movement, THW reject any form of participation from the police force within their protest activities
As Annisa, THW take the job
In asymmetric warfare, THBT it is a legitimate tactic for the significantly weaker side to target enemy civilian
THW implement TCDS on all criminals convicted of violent crimes
THW legalize "hacking back" in the private sector
THP a world where there is no belief in the afterlife
THP a wolrd in which every aspect of one's physical experience is indistinguishable from that of other people
TH, as a star Latin American soccer/football player, would stay in their national league over playing in Europe
THBT stock markets should freeze the sale of publicly-exchanged stocks on the secondary market during pandemics
THBT trans legal advocates should seek to establish precedent that protects trans people under existing sex discrimination law, rather than pursuing anti-discrimination laws for trans communities
TH, as the EU, would replace the independent national healthcare systems with a collectively funded regional system
THR the concept of "The one that got away"
THS the "Kingpin" strategy in combatting drug cartels
THA the Vatican regrets the China-Vatican deal on the appointment of Chinese Bishops
THW allow victims of miscarriages of justice to sue expert witnesses for incompetence
THBT Facebook has done more harm than good 
THO participation awards
THBT the USMCA should pursue long term economic integration through a common currency
THS the complete and total liberation of all animals
THR the narrative that family love should be unconditional
THW attend the Queer Liberation March rather than the Stonewall 50 March
THS the withdrawal of companies from Hong Kong
THW remove all restrictions on allowable areas of scientific research
THBT, given feasibility, companies should move to work from home
THBT when financial institutions are in need of financial assistance during recessions, the burden should fall upon creditors (e.g. via diluting shareholder value by turning debt into equity) rather than the government stepping in
THS the destruction of monuments of controversial historical figures.
THS the rise of teenagers at the forefront of social movements (e.g. Gretta Thunberg, Malala Yousafzai, the Parkland students).
THBT hacking is an acceptable form of protest against large corporations.
Assuming full social distancing isn't possible: This house, upon finding an opportunity, would escape to another city which is not yet infected.
THBT governments should not fund reconstruction in areas prone to natural disasters.
In times of crisis, where tradeoff is inevitable, THBT states should prioritise safety over freedom.
TH, as Mowgli W stay in the jungle
THBT Ezra Miller should drop out of the role for future movies in the series
TH, as the Ministry of Magic W expose itself to the Muggle World
THW make income tax for all women directly proportional to the national wage gap (e.g. if women earn on average 70% of what men earn, they would pay 70% of the income tax men pay for the same salary)
THO the rise of entrepreneurs selling off their businesses to large corporations.
THS the rise of disaster capitalism
THBT Michael should not be convicted for his crimes
Assuming there exists technology that can access and project memories, THW allow using it for evidence in court.
THW allow the use of evidence obtained illegally in court
THO the portrayal of female retributive violence
THO the depiction of women in mythology as feminists (eg: Athena, Draupadi)
TH, as the LGBTQ+ community, supports Queer baiting
THBT the working class should reject Bernie Sanders as the face of the working class movement for being a part of the 1%.
THW require all research institutions to use at least 50% of their resources (time, staff, money, etc.) to do replication studies
THS two party political systems over multiparty political systems
THW allow doctors to disclose incurable and terminal hereditary conditions to their patient's life partner against the patient's wishes
THP a world in which the dominant societal world-view is a realistic one rather than an optimistic one
THP a world in which people don't engage in virtue signalling
THR the US pursuit of global energy dominance
With the benefit of hindsight, TH, as the USA would not order the killing of the Iranian major general Qasem Soleimani at the beginning of this year
TH, as Wakanda, would reveal itself to the world and adopt globalism, rather than remain in isolation
Assuming the technology to alter one's memories irreversibly exists, THW ban the use of the technology
THW use Soul 100
THW allow convicted criminals whose crimes caused their victims suffering to choose to undergo the exact same experience as their victims did, by using the technology, as a substitute for a prison sentence.
THBT Palestinians should prefer their wellbeing over fighting injustices in Palestine
THP western individualism over local collectivism
THW direct the Palestinian economy toward information technology
THO Arab nationalism
THS the narrative that traditionally feminine qualities (e.g. compassion, kindness) enable female leaders to better deal with times of crisis
THW give people additional votes in proportion to their economic disadvantage
THO the societal narrative that forgiveness is a virtue
THBT governments of developing countries should aggressively disincentivize students from pursuing further education overseas
THBT the heads of central banks (eg: the Federal Reserve, the European Central Bank) should be democratically elected
THR the rise of Nihilism in popular culture
THP a world where entry into Heaven is decided on peer-based evaulation as opposed to religious doctrine
THW abolish awards in creative fields (e.g., the Oscars for film, the Booker Prize or the Nobel for literature, the Future Generation Art Prize for art).
THBT governments should provide significant financial incentives for urban citizens to move to rural areas
THBT the education system should teach children to believe that they are personally culpable for the death and suffering in the developing world
TH, as the US, would prioritize economic engagement with North Korea instead of demanding nuclear disarmament
THS the shaming of individuals as a tactic for social movements to catalyse change (e.g. shaming individuals for not taking environmentally sustainable actions, shaming individuals for violating lockdown/quarantine policies)
THR the glorification of the concept of genius
THP a society that heavily emphasises collectivism rather than individualism
THW introduce significant "cost caps" in sports
THBT developing states are better off with elite-led technocratic governments as opposed to democratic ones 
THBT policies regarding the teaching and use of language should be descriptive rather than prescriptive
TH, as a parent belonging to a minority religion, would discourage their children from expressing their faith publicly (e.g. crossing yourself, wearing hijabs, kippahs or other articles of faith, posting on social media, publicly attending mass, synagogues etc.) 
THP a world where Karmic reincarnation exists
That we regret the norm that doctors should defer to their patients' wishes, even where doing so is not in those patients' best interests.
That we oppose the medicalisation of learning disabilities.
That, as Joe Biden, we would choose to run on a ‘Medicare-for-All’ platform.
That the #MeToo movement has failed working class women.
That the government should provide incentives for the urban poor to migrate to rural areas.
That we support gamification in the workplace.
That we regret the ongoing prominence of cricket in postcolonial countries.
That we prefer a world where sports are not commercialised
That we would abolish the ‘one-year-out’ rule in the NBA.
That Palestinians should abandon their claim for statehood and opt for a civil rights struggle instead.
That we regret the Trump-Taliban peace deal agreement.
That we, as Benny Gantz, regret signing the coalition agreement between Likud and the Blue and White alliance.
That we regret the expectation that children should be shielded from all forms of danger.
That we would proportionately subsidise (e.g. scholarship and funding) university courses according to the employability of their graduates.
That we support a permanent move to online tertiary education.
That young people should reject traditionally empowered political parties.
That legislative bodies (e.g. parliament, congress, senate, councils) should be formed by sortition democracy.
That the Democratic Party should not embrace 'Never Trump' Republicans.
That we should ban high frequency trading
That we should limit the trading of individual shares and derivative products to licensed professionals.
That we should ban mortgage-based financial derivatives.
That we should ban mergers and acquisitions of mass media companies.
That social media companies should aggressively censor offensive and discriminatory content.
That we prefer a world where social media networking sites are only available on a paid subscription basis.
That we, as original producers of non-Western films, would deny Hollywood the right to produce remakes, unless a quota for non-Western actors/actresses is guaranteed.
That we prefer transformative to curatorial fandom 
That Disney should remove from circulation cartoons from its history that contain racist caricatures.
That we should abolish literary awards (e.g. the Man Booker Prize, the Nobel Prize for Literature).
That we regret the stigmatisation of hedonistic lifestyles
That we support the creation of children's literature which teaches that people are neither good nor evil.
That we should stop the practice of requiring community's approval to build houses of worship.
That, as minorities, we would engage in respectability politics
That we would require companies to use absolute blind recruitment
That the state's failure to address a pandemic should be considered as a crime against humanity.
That criminal trials should continue even when the accused is deceased
That the state should pay reparations to individuals convicted in the past for actions that are no longer recognised as a crime.
That Non-Western LGBTQ activists should reject sex positivity
That we regret the belief that individuals possess defined personality traits.
That portrayals of religious deities and prophets in media should receive prior approval from relevant religious authorities.
That we should allow parents to sell shares in their children’s future income streams.
That we should reallocate public investment funds from start-ups to traditional small and medium-sized enterprises.
That the European Central Bank should monetise the government deficits of Eurozone countries experiencing financial crises.
That developing countries should prioritise the massive construction of infrastructure over the direct provision of high subsidies and social welfare.
That we regret the rise of nation-states built around exclusive notions of language, race, and religion.
That it is illegitimate for states to limit immigration unless there is a clear threat to national security.
That Western companies with a significant number of employees from the Indian diaspora should actively campaign against the caste system.
That ASEAN should transform itself into a political union 
That, as developing nations, we would prefer to align with China than the United States.
That, in countries where military service is mandatory only for men, as self-proclaimed feminist women, we would actively volunteer in the military.
That we regret narratives that portray human progress as inevitable
That we regret the emphasis placed on individual rights by social justice movements.
That it is morally wrong to use subconscious manipulation to nudge citizens towards socially desirable choices.
That activist movements should embrace cancel culture as a tool to promote social change.
That France should abandon the principle of laïcité.
That, as a woman of colour living in a majority-white country, we would embrace, compete in and establish national beauty pageants for women of our ethnic heritage.
That capitalism is incompatible with racial equality
That we, as a Catholic priest, would actively endorse liberal values that do not align with the Catholic Church.
That we should grant legal personhood to culturally significant features of the natural environment.
That we support compassionate conservation
That, as environmentalists, we would choose a strategy of working closely with corporations.
This House Would significantly decrease income tax rates for women
This House Would give victims of crimes significant power over sentencing
This House believes that contemporary social movements should focus on class differences rather than on identity-based discrimination (e.g. gender, race)
This House, as a Pacific island state, would reject Chinese developmental assistance
In post-conflict societies, This House prefers power-sharing agreements to unrestricted democracy.
Given the dichotomy, This House believes that animal rights activists should focus on the environmental impacts that meat consumption has on humans, rather than empathy for animals
This House believes that developing countries should prioritise the massive construction of infrastructure over the direct provision of high subsidies and social welfare
This House believes that middle-class families should adopt a model of extended adolescence for their children, rather than one of early independence.
THR the prominence of creator-driven content
THP the removal of sex and gender markers (e.g., on government forms, IDs, and other areas of legal recognition) as opposed to the inclusion of nonbinary, "X", and other gender or sex markers
THS facilitating massive emigration as a response to oppressive regimes.
THBT developing countries should prohibit using the principal of petroleum funds to finance social and welfare programs.
THO the use of "desperation science" during the coronavirus pandemic
THBT feminists should primarily combat pseudo-scientific claims of sex and gender based differences (e.g. claims that men are more intelligent/brave/strong) on the basis of their scientific inaccuracy as opposed to focusing on deconstructing the social value placed on those differences
THR the popular belief in free will
THBT parliamentary ridings and congressional districts should be drawn to maximize electoral competitiveness.
THP a world where epistemic humility is widely believed in, as opposed to a world where skepticism is widely believed in.
THP a parliamentary electoral system which includes a constituency link
TH opposes the derogatory usage of the inherent identity characteristics of dominant groups - e.g. "You're so white.", "Man Tears", "ugh such a Karen".
THBT Central Asian states should significantly disassociate from Russian cultural influence (e.g. language, the arts, media, history etc.).
Assuming there is a safe procedure, THW allow adults to permanently "lock in" their chosen personality traits (e.g. stubbornness, openness, honesty) as unchangeable.
In times of economic crises, THBT the government should withhold information that is likely to damage market confidence.
Given the opportunity, TH, as a talented young individual living in a Western Balkan country, would emigrate to pursue a career in the EU
Given the opportunity, TH, as a talented young individual living in a Western Balkan country, would emigrate to pursue a career in the EU
THO the "Toxic Positivity" culture
THO the "Toxic Positivity" culture
THP to be alone in the universe
Assuming the technology were available, and you were the only one who could use it, that you should choose to become immortal
You have suffered from severe amnesia and cannot remember any of your past. You suspect that it may be "dark". That you should not go searching for answers
That we should prohibit research into the de-extinction of human-like species such as the Neanderthal.
That the state should more harshly punish people who commit crimes against members of social groups who experience disproportionately high rates of violence regardless of that offender’s motivation
That the victim of crimes should be able to choose whether the offender is dealt with under civil law or criminal law
That individuals who breach COVID-19 lockdown requirements while unknowingly infectious should be liable for manslaughter for any resulting deaths
You are a state whose diplomatic and economic power is increasing rapidly. There are maintained attempts to curb the rise of your economic and diplomatic influence by the established regional power. That you should seek active confrontation with the established power.
You are the ruler of a militaristic Greek city state. The Archameid empire has invaded mainland Hellas, if they are successful, your state will be subjugated. The other city states are in disarray and cannot decide on how to respond. You know that there is no chance of victory alone. That you should march against the Persian threat.
Congratulations, you command the armies of Greece and now have the means to embark on your life goal to sail to and conquer Troy. Alas, you have offended the goddess Artemis who has stymied your plans by sending unfavourable winds. The only way to achieve your goal is to sacrifice your only child and you will win the war. That you should sacrifice your child.
That the United States should immediately abolish private health insurance and establish Medicare for all
That the European Union should abandon the Euro
That in times of extraordinary economic or social crisis, we should temporarily close financial markets.
As a curator of a prominent museum or gallery, you should only display works created by women
A ‘sham marriage’ (also known as xinghun or co-operative marriage) is a marriage between a gay man and a lesbian woman for the purposes of creating the appearance of being straight and evading the social stigmas of being gay or being ‘left on the shelf’. They are particularly common in China. That, as a homosexual person in China, would enter into a sham marriage.
That feminists should celebrate domestic activities which are traditionally carried out by women (e.g. baking, gardening and knitting) as empowering and feminist activities
That the Ukraine should seek an internationally brokered agreement to formally acknowledge the cession of Crimea to Russia
In a world in which humans have obtained the ability of interstellar travel, humans should never make contact with, or interfere with, the development of alien civilisations that are not also capable of interstellar travel.
That we should abolish the International Criminal Court
That the Catholic Church should de-emphasise the concepts of Satan and Hell.
You are a cardinal with evidence of corruption in the Vatican. That you should destroy the evidence.
You are a 16th century english Catholic bishop. Henry VIII has established the Anglican Church in opposition to the Catholic Church. You have been invited by the King to join his church as Bishop. That you should join the Anglican Church.
That, assuming it were practicable, sports teams or people that develop novel strategies or techniques should be able to “copyright” them for two seasons after they are first used successfully.
That we regret Drag Culture going mainstream
That one should not offer to ‘give exposure’ to gain discounted goods or services from creatives.
That we would abolish corporate tax
That we would create financial incentives for companies to expose the law breaking of their competitors.
That we prefer broad tax cuts in financial stimulus packages to targeted government spending.
That evidence that is reliable but illegally obtained by the police should be excluded as evidence in all criminal trials.
That we should abolish all statutes of limitations in criminal cases.
That we should abolish the "right to silence"
That, as the West, we would lift economic sanctions on Iran during its COVID-19 crisis.
That we would bail out airlines failing due to COVID-19
That we would disestablish the World Health Organisation (WHO).
That sanctions should be placed on countries that provide tax-havens to multinational companies.
That war criminals should be tried in their home country instead of the International Criminal Court (ICC).
That states should be allowed to buy and sell votes in international organizations
That we prefer the establishment of truth and reconciliation commissions to attempts at pursuing retributive justice (e.g. prosecuting perpetrators) in post-conflict states
That we should make it an offense to witness a crime and not report it
That we should make search engines liable for defamation when their algorithms promote defamatory content
That we should ban derivative markets
That we should ban hedge funds
That we regret central bank independence
That the US should escalate its ‘maximum pressure’ campaign against Iran
That we, as India, would rejoin the RCEP
That the UK should offer citizenship to all residents of Hong Kong
That developing countries should ban the sale of GMO products
That we shuold genetically design "Philosopher Kings"
Assuming that the technology existed, that we would allow individuals to sell their Intelligence Quotient (IQ) as a commodity
You are a publicly successful chef, whose real cooking skill is secretly attributable to a rat which directs your movements underneath your chef's hat. That we should reveal the existence of the rat.
That we should ban the consumption of animals
That we should ban religious practices that cause cruelty to animals.
That we regret cancel culture within progressive movements
That, as Joe Biden, we would prioritize solving economic inequality over racial issues in the campaign
That, as the minority resistance group, we would submit to the state
That no media platform should receive public funding
That we would abolish the Goldwater Rule
That we should regulate social media entities as publishers/news organisations
That, as Bibi Netanyahu, we should abandon efforts to annex Jewish settlements in the West Bank
That we regret the rise of decentralisation agendas in developing countries
That, as a liberal democracy, we should heavily restrict our Multinational Corporations from investing in/expanding into illiberal states (e.g. Russia, Turkey, China, Poland)
THO the use of deferred prosecution agreements for large companies
This house supports, where possible, the loved ones (eg family, close friends) of victims of serious criminal offences being involved in the sentencing of the perpetrator (eg in consultation with the judge).
THW abolish all legislatively set sentencing guidelines
This house, as the progressive movement, supports progressive candidates running on centrist platforms solely in order to get elected
TH, as the Biden campaign, would pick Elizabeth Warren as our Vice President
his house, as the progressive movement, supports progressive candidates running on centrist platforms solely in order to get elected
This house regrets the rise of low-fee, easy-to-access financial market trading services (e.g. Robinhood)
his house would impose an exit tax on citizens who choose to take up long term employment outside their country of origin.
THS closed shop arrangements
This house would implement a strict deadline for the length of time that children can be in foster care before being placed in a permanent home (eg returned to birth parents, in guardianship or adopted)
This house would prefer their child, in preschool and early primary school, to have one close friend rather than being 'popular' with several less-close 'friends'
This house believes that the feminist movement should aggressively praise mothers and motherhood
THR the commercialisation of spirituality
THP a world in which individuals did not feel strong emotions
This house believes that it is immoral to consume the art of creators who have been proven to be guilty of heinous offences
THBT the United States should leave Iraq
This house, as the EU, impose sanctions on countries with active prisoners of conscience.
This house, as a SEA nation involved in the South China Sea conflict, would opt to actively seek closer ties with China
This house would require test-status cricketing nations to play each other at equivalent rates (e.g. South Africa would be required to play Afghanistan and Ireland approximately as often as they play India)
THS efforts to colonize Mars
This house regrets the narrative that one should respect authority figures even if you disagree with them
This house prefers process-based to outcomes-based environmental regulation
THBT humans owe a debt to Future Generations
THBT the environmentalist movement should prioritise the anthropocentrist value of nature in its rhetoric
That as the superdelegates, we would give the nomination to Biden
That we would allow political parties to make binding electoral promises that, once broken, will immediately trigger re-election.
That we should hold all state presidential primary elections simultaneously
This House, as Likud, regrets not removing Netanyahu as leader before the upcoming election.
That Lebanon should abolish the confessional system
That we regret the assassination of Iranian general Qasem Soleimani.
That as an Indian feminist we would identify more with Lakshmi than with Kali
That feminists in Islamic majority countries should attempt to work to reform Sharia courts from within rather than advocating their abolition.
This House, as the feminist movement, would push for the sexualisation of religious attires (eg. hijab/saree/cheongsum).
That ASEAN should allow the free movement of labour
That ASEAN should negotiate all investment deals with Chinese government entities as a bloc (with decisions made by majority vote of its members), so that no member state can enter into investment deals without the consent of the majority of ASEAN.
That we support the abolition of the CFA franc
That western countries should abandon attempts to remove Maduro from power in Venezuela (e.g. ending sanctions, ceasing funding of Guaido and opposition movements).
That we regret the removal of Evo Morales as president of Bolivia
That we regret the 2019 election of Alberto Fernandez and Cristina Fernandez de Kirschner in Argentina.
That we support Moon Jae-In's attempts to reform The Supreme Prosecutors' Office of the Republic of Korea.
That it is in the interest of the Indian state for AAP to form a coalition with the INC to contest in upcoming general elections.
That King Abdullah al-Haj should have called a snap election in Malaysia , rather than appointing Muhyuddin Yasin as Prime Minister and allowing the current members of the Dewan Rakyat (lower house) to form a new governing coalition.
That states should opt to implement the Hannibal Directive in dealing with their soldiers captured by terrorists.
That we should adopt the Fisher Suggestion
That, as a religious organization, we would perform final duas for known terrorists.
THW ban the buying and selling of emotional services
THW grant Indigenous communities exclusive legal rights to control distribution of traditional folklore, music, dance
THBT international development institutions should not finance natural resource extraction projects in corrupt states
THS the narrative that the decision to have a biological child is a selfish one 
THBT states should not prosecute members of terrorist organisations (e.g. ISIS, Al-Qaeda) who surrender to those states
TH, as X, would not accept the offer
THBT feminists should challenge militarism instead of advocating for the "right to fight" (ex. pushing for the inclusion of women in national draft registration and combat duty_
THBT the general economic policy of countries should aim to increase Gross National Happiness rather than standard economic measures (eg, Gross Domestic Product)
THBT India should lease Protected Areas to local residents
THBT individuals should vote based on their principles rather than on the electability of the candidates (eg by vote-spoiling in the #undirosak movement, or by voting for fringe candidates)
THR World Athletics' decision to put an indefinite moratorium on future advances in shoe technology.
THS granting IP protection for sports moves
Post the Covid-19 outbreak is contained, TH(the Bundesliga)W scrap the 50+1 rule.
THBT major polluter nations should open their borders to climate refugees
THR the characterization of large scale policy reforms against social vices as wars For example --‘combating’
THBT regulation of overconsumption of common shared resources is justified
TH (the journalist) will reveal this information to the public
TH, as climate activists, would use interpretation of religious texts as a tool for climate action ( Eg invoking stories from the Ramayana’s Aranya Kaand to create narratives around forests, etc.
THR the vilification of "money mindedness" in individuals
THBT women in politics actively moving away from "the pantsuit" does more harm than good
THR the rise of rainbow capitalism
TH, as a feminist, R the narrative that God is a Woman.
THS privatisation of prisons
THP the Collegium System for the appointment of Federal Judges and Justices instead of Executive Nomination System in USA.
THBT criminal law should not distinguish an attempt to commit a crime from successfully committing a crime.
In times of economic crisis, THW abolish the minimum wage
(Assuming equal cost feasibility) THP UBI instead of traditional Welfare Programs(Medicare, Food stamps, PMJDY, etc) to tackle poverty.
THS the use of Negative Interest Rate Policies to tackle the economic downturn due to the Covid 19.
THBT feminists in India should attempt to infiltrate and reform the arranged marriage industry as opposed to fight for its abolishment
THR the glorification of immediate postcolonial leaders in Africa
THBT charities and non-profit organizations should be given votes in elections proportional to the amount of donations they receive.
TH, as Likud, W support and adopt the Jewish People’s Intelligence Services Doctrine.
TH, as the Catholic Church, would prioritize impact investing over direct charity to communities
THBT South Indian film industries should integrate with Bollywood
TH, as a prominent pro-independence activist in Hong Kong, would align as pro-China in an effort to run for upcoming elections.
In Western Liberal democracies, THR the queer movement's primary form of collectivization transitioning from riots/protests into pride celebrations/parades
This House Would only allow university admission on the basis of standardized testing, as opposed to non-quantitative methods (e.g. essays, alumni interviews)
This House Would ban Amazon's internal arbitration courts.
This House Opposes the commercialization of Mindfulness
 This House Believes That pro-democratic activists should use fake news and synthetic media (e.g. "deepfake", fake video or audio recordings) to advance their cause.
THR the trend of central banks setting extremely low interest rates after the 2008 financial crisis
This House Believes That 10 Minute School should remove the videos
 Given the technology, THW erase society's memory and evidence of the criminal past of former convicts after their release from prison.
 This House Believes That leaders of an occupied nation should not assist the occupying powers in maintaining stability.
This House Would ban ownership consolidation of newspapers by a single entity e.g. private equity firms, single media company
This House Would ban insurance coverage for sexual misconduct claims.
This House Would force individuals suspected of being a "stolen child" under the junta to undergo DNA testing to establish whether they are indeed stolen children.
This House Would transfer management of all water resources to an international body.
THBT countries should suspend all elections in times of severe health crises
TH, as Israel, would form a strategic military alliance with the Kurds in Syria.
THW only recruit atheists to be part of the group, and would not allow any religious books or items of worship on board
THW allow police officers to refuse orders on grounds of conscience
TH, as a prominent director from a marginalized background, would prioritize developing TV shows and films with a multicultural, diverse cast over one focused specifically on their marginalized group.
Assuming this medicine exists and is widely accessible, This House Believes That universities should ban and actively test for this drug
TH as Japan Would nationalize their electronics industry
THBT people should never "go above and beyond" in the workplace
THBT feminist movements should adopt feminist icons that are adversarial and embody violence as opposed to icons that promote traditional norms, monetary prosperity and working within the system through cooperation.
THR the commercialization of genetic testing (eg: AncestryDNA, 23 & Me)
This House Prefers a world with city-states governed by an elected global leadership to the current predominance of nation-states.
THR Breadtubers' prioritisation of trying to de-radicalise alt-righters
This House Regrets the tradition of parents not living with and being cared for by their children in old age.
THBT fear is a legitimate tool for instilling moral values
THBT minority parents should shelter their children from the existence of racism for as long as possible.
THW tie World Bank aid to women's rights
THBT government programmes should only be upscaled after successful impact evaluations
TH (as Marxists) R the rise of automation of jobs previously performed by humans (e.g., self-driving cars, self-checkouts).
THR the rise of self-help books
THR the role of modern medicines in over-emphasizing prolonged life
THR the fetishization of athletic success in popular culure
THS the trending of pairing differently-abled people
THBT Peta should use the surge in human depression rates during the great lockdown, to rally for ending animal captivity.
This house believes that charities and humanitarian aid organizations should not use images of graphics suffering in their advertising campaigns.
TH as Japan would actively dissociate from the tradition of "Wa"
THW establish a formal embassy in Taiwan
THBT cartographical asymmetries should be resolved using mechanisms of local referendums of bonafide residents
THBT DINOs do more harm than good to the Democratic Party
This House Prefers protests with clearly identifiable leaders and defined goals to leaderless movements with disparate goals.
THBT identity based social movements should prioritise the majority populations acceptance of that identity over preservation of a distinct culture
THW remove all patents on green technology
THW focus on adapting to the consequences of climate change rather than trying to prevent it
THW not cut funding for research that seeks to deal with Climate Change, even in the wake of austerity
THS the conception of morality as a scientifically determined innate characteristic
TH celebrates self interest as one of the dominant guiding moral principles
THS Zobrist's means of population control
THR the idolization of individuals who achieved success without going through traditional education (Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, etc)
THR the narrative that humans are innately bad
In places with strong Islamophobia, THBT Muslim parents should homeschool their children
THBT that national boards should have the right to disallow a player from participating in international domestic sporting leagues
TH, as an activist residing in Hong Kong who holds a BNO passport, would take up the deal being offered by UK
THBT philanthropists should donate to environmental protection as opposed to poverty alleviation
THP a world where radical revolutionaries (Malcolm X, Bhagat Singh) are celebrated over peaceful revolutionaries (Mahatma Gandhi, MLK Jr)
TH, as an average resident of Gaza, would support Hamas and their agendas
THBT the IMF should require collateral for bailouts
THP to live in a world where personal success and failure are seen as a consequence of random factors rather than personal choice
THR the narrative that one must "do what they love"
THBT feminists should reclaim and celebrate traits (such as empathy, nurturing) and activities (gardening, cooking) associated with femininity as empowering
THW strip the voting rights of individuals that did not vote in more than 2  consecutive election cycles
THBT in countries where National Service is mandatory, feminists should push for the inclusion of women to be conscripted as well
THW remove the privilege of self incrimination
This house supports health insurance companies offering optional lump sum payments to terminally ill patients who choose to forgo expensive life extending medical treatments.
Assuming feasibility, THW allow individuals to sell their units of Intelligence Quotient (IQ)
THW legalise euthanasia
THW abolish all private schools at the primary and secondary level
THW abolish all patents
Assuming the technology exists, THS genetic engineering to make humans more resistant to the effects of climate change
THW transfer the majority ownership of professional sporting clubs to non-profit organizations managed by elected members within their local communities
 THBT the feminist movement should actively work with liberal religious leaders to change the religions' perception about women.
This House, as developing nations, would prioritize local industries over foreign MNCs (e.g. subsidize local car brands and tax foreign imported cars)
In sanctuary cities, THW grant undocumented immigrants the right to vote
THR the humanisation of villains in film and media (eg Joker, Maleficient, Gru, Megamind, etc)
TH, as a parent from a middle income family, would adopt free range parenting
Assuming feasibility exists and with benefit of hindsight, TH as USA would go back in time and choose not to invade Afghanistan.
THBT individuals convicted for crimes that were later legalised should be retrospectively cleared of those charges and released from prison if applicable.
THS the creation of an international court to prosecute 'crimes against the earth'
TH supports a ban on Chinese-owned social media apps (e.g. TikTok, WeChat)
THBT all universities should permanently move from letter grades to pass/fail systems
THB the International Community should allow breakaway republics in former Soviet states to join the Russian Federation, conditional on holding free and fair referenda
THBT the government should offer cash compensation for the creation of pharmaceuticals to replace the patent system for pharmaceuticals
THBT courts in emerging democracies should break up constantly dominant political parties
THW rename Yale
THS charter schools
In addition to maternity pay and leave, THW make companies finance their female employees freezing of eggs and in vitro fertilization, if they so wish to
THR the abandonment of the Sunshine Policy
THW not give religious identity the same level of anti discrimination protection as other protected attributes (race, gender, sexuality)
THW ban political opinion polls
THR the decision to let the FARC run as a political party
THS states prioritizing the alleviation of poverty within their own borders at the expense of support of international aid programmes
THBT there is no significant moral difference between the life of a human and the life of a pig
THW mandate labor union membership in large companies
THBT the UK should adopt a federal statehood structure which establishes regions and large counties as states
TH, as Narendra Modi, would reverse the 'Make in India' policy
THW allow indigenous groups to veto the development of environmentally disruptive projects on their territory
THW only allow the media and campagning organisations to depict or publish information about the deceased in a tragedy with the explicit permission of the family
THBT it is in the interests of the Chinese Communist Party to allow state-owned firms to default on domestic bond repayments
THP a world in which people exclusively idolise people they know
THR the westernization of the elite in post-colonial countries (e.g. speaking predominantly in English, going to schools/universities in the West, consuming predominantly Western media)
THW allow the pardoning of whistleblowers by referendum
THR the prominent usage of self deprecating humour by female poltiicians
In the event of First Contact occurring between humans and extra terrestrial life (aliens) on Earth, THBT humans should react immediately with pre emptive force.
THW ban TikTok
TH, as Joe Biden, would embrace a Green New Deal
TH as the OIC would cease business with China (e.g freezing assets, boycotting firms, imposing tariffs, imposing sanctions) until the Uighurs are given safety and religious liberty.
THP a world where homo sapiens are not the sole surviving human species
THW include regret as a factor in sentencing
THBT WSDC adjudication should switch to a consensus methodology of adjudication.
THW cancel all debts held by poor countries
THW put an absolute cap on non-essential expenditure by parents on each of their children
THW grant amnesty to members of drgu gangs operating in violent areas if gang leaders end all turf wars
THBT it is in the interests of the EU to offer Turkey accession into the union in exchange for a permanent commitment to housing refugees from the Syrian and Iraqi conflicts
THBT historically oppressed communities should heavily prioritize teaching values of individualism to their children
THBT tourists should boycott Indigenous tourist destinations
THBT all control of disputed religious sites should be ceded to the UN
THBT parents should have the right to withdraw their children from all teaching about sex and relationships
THBT twitter should require individuals to use accounts uner their own name
TH regrets the narrative that hard work will lead to financial success
THW never hold referenda on measures of social lpolicy
As feminists, this house supports all forms of self-commodification of one's sex appeal, escorting, sugardaddying / mommying, and starring in porn videos.
This house believes that Japanese feminists should advocate for the abolition of the Imperial system (天皇制) as opposed to advocating for the inclusion of female imperial members in the line of succession for the Imperial throne.
This house believes that women who have experienced gender based discrimination are justified in committing misandry.
This house, as the feminist movement, would advocate for the introduction of a socialized care system in which all people needing care (the elderly, people with disabilities, etc) are cared for by workers selected by a national draft system.
THW allow illegally obtained evidence to be admissable in court
THBT members of a minority group should oppose popular media that innacurately portrays the culture, struggles or history of traditionally marginalised groups (i.e. Hamilton, Mulan)
THS Governments Significantly Increasing Their Use of Big Data Based Predictive Models in Decision Making to Replace Human Judgements
THR the romanticisation of Dark Tourism
THP a world without the concept of fate and destiny
THBT in the event of an all out war between India and China the US should not intervene
TH, as the feminist movement, would advocate for the ban of violent/ unrealistic porn.
THBT spouses of political figures should not be recognized as public figures.
THBT the LGBTQ community should actively boycott the Harry Potter series.
Assuming there exists the technology to divide the 40 weeks of pregnancy between two partners in any possible way, THW mandate that each partner carries for half the term.
THP the hypersexualisation of men rather than the desexualisation of women
THR the narrative that the man box is a form of oppression
Assuming feasibility, THW create a matriarchal state within each nation and allow anyone to move there
This House Prefers a world where curriculum emphasize on globally integrated history over regional history.
THP trials where victims and defendants are anonymous
THR the rise of T-10 cricket
This house believes that developing nations with ethnically diverse populations should prohibit vernacular schools
THBT the provision of emergency loans by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and European Central Bank (ECB) should never be accompanied by fiscal or monetary policy conditions.
THW bar Hassan Diab and his cabinet from standing for parliamentary seats in Lebanon
THS Fisher's Protocol
THW abolish the prison system
THW allow single parents to raise their children in prisons
THR the popularity of the "cop show"
THS the vision of the ASEAN Economic Community
THBT developing countries would ban the purchase of land by foreign individuals and companies
THBT micro-finance organizations should offer micro-finance loans in developing nations exclusively to women
THS the Animal Liberation Front
Th, as the LGBTQ+ movement, regrets the advocacy strategy of strongly encouraging people to declare their sexual orientation (e.g: national coming out day)
THR Celebrity CEOs
THBT the West should place a ban on providing military aid to authoritatian regimes
TH as the UK Supports the PM's proposal and would expand the proposal to grant unconditional citizenship to all residents of Hong Kong
THBT extreme economic need should be grounds for asylum
THBT the Netflix series "Indian Matchmaking" does more harm than good
As someone who is in a healthy fling with someone else, but not sexually satisfied, THW ghost instead of breaking up
THS "gold digging"
THBT poverty should receive suspect classification in the US legal system
THW legalize betting on electoral processes
In multi party states with a significant ethnic minority population, TH supports the creation of political parties with the primary purpose of pursuing the interests of that ethnic minority group
THBT the feminist movement should support polyamorous relationships
THR the narrative that difficulties and struggles in one's lived experience are "empowering" (e.g. glorified stories about Oprah's harsh experiences with racism and misogyny)
THBT social movements should prioritize calling-in problematic inividuals and behaviours rather than calling them out
THP a world where all humans are born as adults
Instead of leaving the decision up to the producing company, THW legally require that Self-Driving Cars produced by companies always choose to maximise the number of lives saved, even if it leads to the death of the passengers
THS movements that advocate for the provision of negative rights to sentient AI
THP a world in which most people are determinists to a world in which most people believe in free will
THW prefer to live in a world where one was mortal but could precisely schedule and plan out one`s death
Assuming the technology exists, THS the use of non-sentient artifical intelligence that imitates deceased loved ones in appearance, personality, and mannerism
THW hold religious leaders liable when identifiable adult believers are harmed by adhering to doctrinal teachings
THR the continuation of NATO after the dissolution of the USSR
THW allow ex-felons to become police officers
THBT indebted countries should prioritize social spending over paying back loans
THBT post conflict states should not instil nationalism through the education system
someone pls provide this, it isn't available online
THW deprioritize the distribution of the COVID-19 vaccines to those who contravene public health protocol (eg: spreading false rumours about COVID, refusing to wear a mask)
THS the "Free School"Philosophy
THW, as Lebanon, welcome significantly greater French influence over its domestic affairs (e.g. political-constitutional arrangements, economic policies etc.)
THO all media and literature that romanticizes mental illness
THBT feminists should adopt "call-in" instead of "call-out" as their dominant strategy.
THS local movements in Asia adopting western terminology and strategies to push the cause forward
THW, as the Democratic National Convention, support the Make Billionaires Pay Tax.
Assuming the technology was available, THW allow people to erase specific memories of their choice from existence.
THBT democracies should allow people to opt into religious courts that punish them for acts that are deemed to be offences under their religion, as long as they remain members of that religion
TH, as fans of the club, supports a takeover by the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund.
THW break up companies that are deemed threats to the democratic process, even when they do not harm consumer welfare
THR the belief that forgiveness is a virtue
THBT the US should ban the sale of vital components for the manufacturing of electronic devices (eg semiconductors), which are produced in the US or use American technology or software*, to Huawei and other major Chinese companies. (*the vast majority of currently produced components)
THBT comedians from minority communities should not base their comedy on stereotypes and slurs about their own groups.
THS the use of shaming to advance social causes
TH, as an immigrant parent, would raise their child exclusively in their own (minority) language
THBT developing nations should choose to protect their own industries rather than be more open to trade
THBT Australian Indigenous groups should focus on expanding the powers and resources of Land Councils rather than seeking change through State/Federal Parliaments
THW ban corporate sponsorship of academic research
TH, as a religious leader, would deny membership to politicians who vote contrary to our religious teachings
THBT feminists should never critique mothers’ parenting except where it is obviously abusive or neglectful
THR the concept of undonditional love
THP a tech industry characterized by multiple smaller firms rather than one dominated by a few large players (e.g. Google Amazon Facebook in status quo)
THR the rise of the commercialisation of surrogacy in developing countries
THW subsidise companies for the employment of ex-convicts
THBT video games should regularly reassign random gender and race identity to player avatars
TH, as Central Asian states, would heavily focus on economic and political alignment with China under the Belt and Road Initiative
THBT Blockchain does more harm than good to developing countries
TH, as Hercules, would go up to the Olympus to live with the Gods
THBT the world would be better off if the human race would cease to exist
This house believes that regional alliances should not take a stance on the elections of their member states, assuming free and fair elections are possible in that member country
THBT state x should increase taxes as opposed to cutting government spending
In universities where affirmative action for women exists, this house would institute affirmative action for men in departments where they are under-represented.
THBT a universal basic income is preferable to conditional welfare programs (e.g., SNAP, housing assistance, Medicaid)
THS "Cancel Culture"
THBT Puerto Ricans should advocate for independence over statehood.
THW limit copyright terms for works of art (including fine art, music, film, literature, etc.) to the original artist’s lifespan
THW prohibit hospitals from being owned by or affiliated with religious organizations (eg, Catholic hospitals)
THBT the United States, when confronting organizations designated as terrorist groups, should pursue a strategy of engaging with perceived moderates within the group’s leadership in an attempt to exact concessions (e.g., prisoner exchanges, cease-fires, or political freedoms for minorities under their control) rather than pursuing a policy of explicit non-engagement.
THBT supporters of Medicare For All should advocate for the abolition of private insurance.
THBT that individuals who have committed mass atrocities deserve to suffer in the afterlife
THR the portrayal of parental figures as incompetent and/or out-of-touch in children's media. 
 THBT small island nations should declare a state of emergency due to climate change 
THW ban the use of fully autonomous weapons in warfare
THP leaderless movements
THP a world where people cannot lie
THBT Joe Biden should have picked Elizabeth Warren as the Democratic Party's Vice Presidential candidate.
THW significantly restrict military recruitment in impoverished areas.
THO the humanisation of villains in popular media
TH, as the feminist movement, would oppose the practice of female pop artists sexualising themselves in their work.
THS judicial activism
THBT it was in the interest of the UAE to reject the Israel-UAE peace deal
THW make voting mandatory
THW not allow unvaccinated children to attend schools
TH, as the EU, would withhold development aid from countries with poor women's rights records, e.g. age of consent, laws around domestic violence or property laws
For crimes with low prosecution and conviction rates (e.g. sexual assault, domestic violence or membership of criminal gangs), THW lower the burden of proof from "beyond reasonable doubt" to "on the balance of probabilities"
As an average student from lower socio-economic class who lives in a developing country, This House Would choose a generalist career path over becoming a specialist
This House Prefers a world where altruism is the only acceptable motive in doing good deeds
Assuming Israel will accept, as Palestinian Authority, This House Would let go of the Gaza Strip in exchange of Palestinian independence in the West Bank
THR the romanticization of staying productive while working from home amidst the pandemic
This House Prefers a world where China becomes the largest global oil & natural gas exporter
As feminist, THO such coverage
In the wake of Jacob Blake shooting, As African-American athletes in the NBPA, This house would boycott the remaining of the NBA season
THBT US presidential debates bring more harms than good
As left-wing democrats, this house regrets Joe Biden's decision to choose Kamala Harris as VP Candidate
THBT Indonesia's state-owned enterprises should solely focus on distributive function (i.e. distribute services, provide job) even at the expense on revenue generation
THW ban foreign investment on Indonesia tech startups
This House supports the introduction of a two-tier education system, that places non-academic students in separate schools that cater towards vocational qualifications and practical skills. 
This House believes that the Kingitanga should be disestablished.
This House believes that if humanity becomes capable of interstellar travel, it should implement and enforce the "Prime Directive".
This House believes that the modern NZ Labour party should not regret the reforms of the fourth Labour Government.
This House condemns televisions shows that glorify the rich
This House believes that political Islam is incompatible with democracy.
This House believes that if technology permitted us to identify people who are genetically predisposed to commit crimes, it would be appropriate for the state to monitor them and limit their activities. 
This House believes that it is time for the LGBTQIA movement to break up.
This house, as a justice of the US Supreme Court, would not use their position to push their own social agenda.
This house believes that efforts to include characters with mental illnesses in popular media actively harms people with those conditions.
This house believes New Zealand should implement a tax on carbon emissions.
This house believes that Iran should adopt a pro-Western foreign policy
This house would delegate authority over the preservation of te reo to iwi.
This house would prohibit research into human augmentation designed to facilitate transhumanism.
THW admit Turkey into the EU
This House would abolish the concept of intellectual property
This House would allow minors to have sex change operations
This House would place a constitutional limit on the size of government as a percentage of GDP
This House Would refuse to buy Fair Trade
This House would allow the judiciary to strike down laws that breach the New Zealand Bill of Rights
This House Would let endangered languages die
In a world in which the technology has recently been created to impregnate men, TH, as a male partner of a young career-focused woman, would choose to carry their baby.
THB LGB people should emphasize their same-sex attraction
THBT sporting teams should change their names where they are considered insensitive (e.g. Crusaders).
THBT countries should develop and deploy autonomous robot soldiers in conflict zones that are capable of killing people.
THW militarily intervene in Venezuela
THBT African Countries should pivot towards the Global East rather than the Global West.
THBT social movements should not adopt works of art as symbols where the artist does not identify with that movement (e.g. the feminist movement adopting the close-up of flowers painted by Georgia O’Keeffee believing the paintings to be sexual depictions of female anatomy; the adoption of the horror fim the Babadook by the queer rights movement).
THR docu-dramas that "put people on trial" after their exoneration or death (e.g. Leaving Neverland about Michael Jackson, The People v. O. J. Simpson, The Disappearance of Madeleine McCann).
THR pop-culture portrayals of people with chronic or life-threatening illnesses (e.g. Five Feet Apart, Me Before You, The Big Sick, Fault in Our Stars, My Sister’s Keeper).
THR the Reformation
THBT as the Christian church would teach that the Bible is a historically-based account containing human error, rather than teaching that the Bible is the flawless work of God.
TH prefers religions that teach salvation is achieved through certain behaviours (e.g. good works, five pillars of Islam), over religions that teach salvation is achieved through faith alone.
THBT members of socially progressive movements should not support harsh punishment of criminals, even when the crimes committed are the opposite of what that movement supports. (e.g. hate crimes; domestic violence; pedophilia)
Instead of sentencing offenders to fixed terms of imprisonment, THW sentence offenders to indeterminate sentences of imprisonment and release them when they have been rehabilitated.
THW revoke ISIS fighters' citizenship, even in instances where that would leave them stateless.
THR the decline of trade unions
THW break-up large social media companies
THS wage subsidies in regions with persistent economic malaise (e.g. The Rust Belt, Kawerau).
THW create special intellectual property rights of indefinite duration for the traditional knowledge and culture of indigenous peoples (e.g. gurana berry processing for the Gurani people of South America; ka mate haka for Ngati Toa; dot paintings for the Papunya Tula people in Australia).
THBT Labour MPs elected in Maori seats should publicly criticise any Labour Party policy that hurts Maori.
TH, as a parent, would send their children to a kohanga reo school (Māori immersion schools).
THBT the UK Parliament should cancel Brexit
THBT NZ should return to First Past the Post (FPP)
THR the narrative that people who are members of marginalised groups (e.g. queer people, people of colour, indigenous people) should only vote for left-wing parties and politicians.
This house believes that President Obama should pardon those convicted of low level drug possession charges en masse
This house supports the establishment of zero rating platforms in the developing world
This house believes that socially progressive organisations and institutions should aggressively pursue policies to accommodate underprivileged groups, such as mandatory preferred gender pronoun introductions, trigger warnings prior to discussion on sensitive topics and the creation of autonomous spaces
This house believes that Greece is better outside the Euro
You are an incredibly respected art critic. You own a private art gallery which the rich, famous, and influential fly from around the world to visit. Recently a photograph has come to prominence among elite art circles, and as a consequence has become incredibly sought after - hailed for its gritty realism. It is a graphic photograph of a woman killed and raped by her husband, taken by police as evidence. You have been offered the original photograph for your collection. This house would refuse
This house believes that presidential primaries in the United States should be placed on the same day
This house believes that developing countries should employ western professionals to run their courts and police forces.
This house would require all schools in New Zealand to become co-educational
THW replace the Māori seats in Parliament with a Māori upper house
This house regrets that President Obama did not enforce the 'red line' in Syria
TH, as a US Democratic presidential contender, would make repeal of the second amendment part of their core policy platform for 2020
This house, as Inda, would embrace China's One Belt One Road Initiative
You are a relatively successful indie film-maker who has been approached by a major movie studio to direct a major film franchise. THW turn down the offer.
This house regrets the Obergefell decision
TH prefers a world where everyone believes in free will
This house believes that hacking is a legitimate form of protest against large corporations.
This house regrets films and television shows that glorify gang culture.
This house believes that states should not attempt to regulate digital currencies like bitcoin.
This house supports the right of fiction authors to use a pseudonym and/or remain anonymous.
This house believes that environmental movements should support climate engineering that fundamentally alters the environment in an attempt to combat global warming.
In emerging democracies, this house would break up persistently dominant political parties.
This house believes that feminist organisations should not criticize female politicians for their views on women's issues.
 THR the presence of “career politicians”.
 THBT writers and owners of popular canons* have a moral obligation to follow the general and clear wishes of fans (e.g. JK Rowling (Harry Potter UNiverse), Disney (Star Wars), George RR Martin (Game of Thrones Universe)).
TH prefers sports leagues that are financially unregulated
TH embraces the collection by governments and corporate entities of a significant amount of data about individuals
THW disestablish all local councils and authorities in developed nations
THBT galleries and media outlets should not show content that is “of the time” but now considered offensive (e.g. racist stereotypes in the Simpsons, homophobic works of art).
As the democrat party, THW nominate Hillary Clinton (assuming she makes herself available) as the democrat candidate for the 2020 presidential elections.
THBT liberals should not use pejorative labels such as racist, bigot, sexist etc to describe people whose beliefs they disagree with.
THW transition to a cash-less society.
THW significantly increase people’s leisure time at the expense of greater prosperity, progress and growth.
THW not allow “intersex” female athletes (such as Caster Semenya) to compete in female sporting competitions unless they take hormone suppressants.
THW not prosecute former child soldiers for crimes committed as adults.
THW force large companies above a certain size to be fully publicly listed.
THBT environmental NGOs should promote genetic engineering.
That academic social science departments should make active efforts to hire faculty that do not have progressive beliefs.
This house would restrict the benefits of the schengen agreement to citizens of the EU only.
That the government should regulate automated driving systems (e.g. google driverless cars), so that in the event of a potential accident, the programme makes decisions that prioritise the safety of those outside of the vehicle over that of the passengers within.
That non-white actors shouldn’t pursue roles where characters they would portray are based on ethnic stereotypes.
That governments in democracies should not control the school history curriculum.
That people who currently choose to be vegetarian on the grounds of animal welfare should instead consume products where the production process treats animals well.
That technology companies should refuse to provide governments information about their customers, even if that would mean breaking the law.
THW limit private land ownership
 THW abolish prisons
TH regrets the concept of an afterlife
THW allow private entities to discriminate on grounds that are forbidden for the state to discriminate on (or words to that effect)
THBT western media should refuse to publicise videos or events designed to generate terror
THW allow retired parents to seek support payments from their adult children
THW ban intl (cross border) commercial surrogacy
THW, as a parent of a young woman, advise her to drink responsibly to reduce the risk of them being sexually assaulted
That college athletes in the Us should be paid as professionals
 THW only give funding to indigenous groups that are democratically organised.
This house would not prosecute individuals for pirating entertainment media for their own use
This house believes that the west should forgive debt owed by governments of developing countries
THW ban child beauty pageants
THBT Israel should unilaterally preemptively strike Iran
THBT individuals should be required by governments to invest a defined portion of their salary for their retirement
THW forcibly remove the homeless from the streets and place them in mental institutions or rehabilitation
THW consign the European Union to the dustbin of history
THS comprehensive parental leave paid for by employers
THW camp out in solidarity with the “Occupy” protestors
THBT newly democratised Arab nations should not allow religious parties to run for office
This house would destroy the results of unethical research,
This house believes that the European Union should be an economic union, not a political union.
This house would ban cosmetic surgery
THW pay for the return of hostages
 THBT groups should have to give up their weapons in order to stand for political office
THW end all censorship apart from age restrictions
This House would legalise the baby trade
This House would prevent criminals from publishing accounts of their crimes
This house believes that the gay community should “out” gay celebrities.
This house believes that the military should overthrow governments which have lost popular legitimacy.
This house would criminalise individuals and organisations who do not recycle.
This house would abolish all forms of affirmative action.
This house would allow parents to cast proxy votes on behalf of their children.
\ This house believes that the Palestinians should give up the Right of Return.
This house would make insulting religion a crime.
This House believes freer markets, rather than more government intervention, are the solution to the current economic crisis.
This house would force single parents receiving welfare to seek work.
This house would use quotas to desegregate Northern Ireland religious schools.
This house believes that the First World should prohibit the immigration of doctors and nurses from the Third World.
This house would allow juries to decide on sentences.
This house would build power stations in ex-Soviet states to reduce their dependence on Russia.
 This house would ban the broadcast and dissemination of terrorist videos.
This house would immediately establish a Palestinian state in the Fatah-controlled West Bank.
This House believes Amnesty International should campaign for abortion rights.
This House Regrets the prominent use of self deprecating humor by female comedians
This House Regrets the trend of self destructive/anti social characters as protagonists in media (e.g Bojack Horseman, Rick and Morty, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, Sherlock, Mad Men etc)
THBT it was against the interest of Syrian Kurds to align themselves with the West in the Syrian Civil War
This House Believes That schools should emphasize the moral failures and wrongdoings of people considered to be national and social heroes (e.g Churchill, Gandhi, Mother Teresa)
Assuming it could be done without placing the burden of secrecy on adults, This House Prefers a world where individuals are unaware of the existence of organized religions for the duration of their childhoods
THBT developing states should aggressively incentivize collective farming
THP a world without lying
THR the romanticizaion of motherhood
THBT all acts of election campaign should be prohibited with the exception of public debates
In developing states, THW highly incentivize students to pursue vocational school
THR the increasing trend of producing reboots within franchises (e.g. Marvel Cinematic Universe, Star Wars, Harry Potter, X-men)
THBT artists should refrain from actively and openly interpreting their own art
THBT Asian immigrants to Western countries should assimilate in the culture of their host country even at the expense of losing their original culture
THS excess profit taxes on corporations that derive a significant profit from a pandemic
THBT philanthropic figures focussed on COVID-19 should focus on prevention (eg distributing PPE) to possible cures/vaccines
In the aftermath of the COVID-19 Outbreak, THBT Western liberal democracies/governments should actively promote the narrative that individuals ought to sacrifice/make sacrifices for the collective community
THP a world where the legacies of radical revolutionaries are glorified over the legacies of peaceful revolutionaries
THR the use of nostalgia (e.g. reminiscing over past/historical leaders, periods, or events) in politics
THBT technocrats (highly educated and skilled experts) within authoritarian states should collectively refuse to work with/for the government
THP a world where sexual compatibility is prioritized over emotional compatibility in relationships
THBT parents have a duty to push their children to succeed even if it comes at the expense of their happiness
THS parents actively confiding in their children about financial problems and personal insecurities
THW require both parties to use state lawyers, instead of private lawyers, in defamation trials
THW not give employers access to criminal records of potential employees
THBT all sentencing should be decided according to an algorithm that considers purely the probability of recidivism of the convict
THBT US Senators who approved (in confidential briefings) the CIA's use of enhanced interrogation (waterboarding, sleep deprivation, exposure to low temperatures for extended periods etc.) should be tried for war crimes
THBT Iran should end its nuclear weapons program
TH, as Bernie Sanders, Would have stayed in the race as opposed to dropping out
TH, as a prominent religious leader of a major organised religion, would promote any scripture/interpretation/doctrine that says that the determinant factor of entering heaven is good deeds and not the level of faith/piety
THP a world where the belief or disbelief in God or Gods is seen as an involuntary decision
THBT LGBTQIA+ activists in religiously conservative countries should seek to actively solicit support, funding, and endorsement from religious entities
THR the usage of religious appeals as a rallying call for humanitarian causes
THBT movements should not use civil disobedience as a strategy to achieve their goals
This house regrets the dominant narrative that mainstream social movements should refrain from being antagonistic and aggressive, in pushing for changes/fighting against injustice
THBT developing nations should distribute, as a dividend to citizens, income derived from nature resource extraction
THBT the World Bank should have the full responsibility for the share of loss due to corruption.
THBT the "Tax Mix" should be set by reserve banks
THBT post-conflict societies should construct a national identity around a shared ethnicity, as opposed to a common culture
TH opposes the narrative that refugees' entitlement to help should be conditional upon their potential utility to the economy
In post-conflict societies, THW actively suppress information and interpretation, that paints any past dictator in a sympathetic light
THR "self-crit" culture.* * ”Self-crit culture” refers to a culture where individuals are encouraged to publicly and openly criticise themselves for their shortcomings.
THO the use of scientific discoveries obtained through unethical means
THR the narrative that ideal deliberation should exclude display or involvement of emotions
TH house prefers karmic-based religious systems over religious systems based on eternal reward or punishment/ divine mercy.
THW not allow news media outlets to report on suicide
That we would abolish Slytherin house
That, as a Hobbit, we would go on a grand adventure
That we would have preferred the Game of Thrones prequel series to be Bloodmoon over House of the Dragon
That, as a competitive and socially conscious young Pokémon trainer, we would not participate in Pokémon battles
That we prefer larger, more spaced apart patches to regular, smaller patches in esports games
That it is in the interest of the Gerudo to abandon their policy of isolationism and instead embrace an open borders policy
That, as Rey Skywalker after the battle of Exegol, we would re-start the Jedi Order
That the Star Wars sequels are better than the Star Wars prequels
That it is in the interest of the Sith (circa 35 BBY) to abolish the Rule of Two
That, as Billie Eilish, we would release a Christmas album
That, with hindsight, we really do regret Glee
That, as Clutch Mami, we would sign with a major record label rather than remain independent
That, as Aman, we would have professed our love and married Naina
That, as the fertility doctor, we would tell the young woman the truth.
That we believe that Andy should have stayed and worked at Runway
That we would prefer the Eric Killmonger plot to the Shuri plot
That Gotham would be safer if Batman abandoned his 'No Killing' rule
That we regret the depiction of Supergirl frequently saving the day through idealism and hope
That we believe that Donkey and Puss should have had a relationship, not Donkey and Dragon
That, as Melissa, we would reveal the truth to the world
This house, as the engines, would unionise and protest against the Fat Controller's "Really Useful Engine Doctrine"
That we regret Netflix remakes of cartoons for adult audiences (eg. Riverdale, Avatar the Last Airbender)
That Tumblr should unban pornography
That we support the Hollywood Blockbuster model
That the Pokemon anime should soon replace Ash as the show’s main protagonist
That we believe that the ending of Bojack Horseman series should have been him dying at the end of 'The View From Halfway Down'
That, as Morty, we would sever ties with Rick
That we would prefer prominent authors to write books about utopia, not dystopia
Without having regard to future events of the show, That the protagonists of the 100 were wrong to seek to expose the Primes
That Curtis should destroy the train and end humanity rather than taking control.
THBT the age of digital information (e.g. social media, online news, etc.) has done more harm than good in protecting democracy
THBT the environmental movement should abandon the narrative of personal responsibility in favor of one which emphasizes institutional accountability
THBT feminism is in opposition to capitalism
Assuming that Joe Biden wins the presidential election, THBT the US should continue to pursue antagonistic and confrontational trade strategies against China (engaging in trade wars, etc)
THW weigh shareholder votes in line with the length of time their shares have been held.
THBT religions should promise reward in the afterlife as opposed to promising material reward in this life, with both outcomes contingent on faithful practice
TH Prefers Western entertainment (TV Shows, Movies, Theatre) which assumes fluid sexuality (How to Get Away With Murder, Imagine Me & You, High Fidelity, Game of Thrones, Trinkets) for its characters rather than centering a narrative of non-hetero sexuality (Love Simon, Carol, One Day at a Time, The Half of It)
THW legalize the buying and selling of one’s remaining lifetime years.
TH, as the Jammu & Kashmir Liberation Front, would ally itself with the Pakistani government to push back against abrogation of Article 370 by the Indian government
THS the rise of anti-natalism
THBT the Mexican govenment should retroactively legalise the production and distribution of drugs, instead of keeping them illegal
THR the ideological dominance of the left in the feminist movement
THW heavily penalise corporations for punishing their employees for engaging in legally permitted speech
THBT the IMF should adopt a policy of not bailing out countries that take out significant loans from China under One Belt One Road
THBT it is in the interest of the ruling party of Kazakhstan to hold free and fair local elections of akims and maslikhats
THS the use of the Hannibal Directive in combatting terrorist organisations
THW ban advanced simulations
TH prefers a world in which every individual is perceived to have equal access to a deeper connection with religious deities (as opposed to e.g. religious leaders being perceived to have more such access)
TH, as the researchers, would have eaten the crops during the siege
That we regret the culture of fearing death
That, as a promising university graduate, we should opt to make the largest amount of money possible and donate it to charities instead of directly working in social fields.
That we would not publish this information
That liberal supreme court s should misinterpret the constitution to advance civil rights
That the LGBTQ+ movement should not allow police officers at pride events (such as the pride march).
That, as the queer (LGBTQIA+) community, we would reject the ‘born this way’ narrative.
That curricula in post-colonial states should focus on locally-authored literature, to the absolute exclusion of 'great work' such as Shakespeare.
That we should implement a Mastery Learning framework at all levels of education
TH, as an educational institution, would prohibit all sports programs that pose a risk of CTE.
That we would ban the short selling of shares
That we prefer a world where cooperatives (employee owned businesses) were the norm.
That local communities should be able to cap the number of tourists that enter their region over a specific period of time.
That we regret Hamilton
That we would ban Microtransactions in video games
That we regret the rise of True Crime entertainment (e.g Making A Murderer, Serial, Tiger King, The Jinx etc.).
That as established feminist artists, we should systematically produce art and media that actively ridicules heroic masculine archetypes
That as the Global Feminist Movement we would support anti-capitalist movements (Occupy Wallstreet etc)
That microfinance organizations offering loans in developing countries should offer them exclusively to women
That we prefer Facebook's policy of only removing content that users report as compared to a policy where Facebook itself independently determines restrictions on content.
That we regret the rise of influencers
That we prefer a world where the internet never existed
That, assuming Personal Protective Equipment is sufficiently available, medical workers during a pandemic should have the right to opt out of service.
That we would aggressively and competitively fund CRISPR
That in times of a global pandemic, standard research ethics should be suspended as long as the subject consents.
That we regret the decline of secular Pan-Arab nationalism
That the African Union should pivot toward the global East rather than the global West.
That, as Imran Khan, we would issue a public apology for 1971 to Bangladesh
That we regret the fall of the Societ Union
That Student Unions should not take political positions that do not directly pertain to tertiary education.
That, as a lifelong Republican, we would vote for Joe Biden
THBT the Bretton Woods Institutions (International Monetary Fund, World Bank, etc.) have done more harm than good
THBT national policies that may have significant environmental consequences should be subject to a veto by a national level appointed panel of scientific experts
TH, as the EU, would actively prevent EU countries (like Italy, Slovenia, Lithuania, etc.) from achieving closer ties with China
THR the romanticisation of art that is pursued for non material gain
THW pool donations for specific charity causes and redistribute them to charities according to evidence-based assessment of the efficacy of these charities within the sector
THBT the Black Lives Matter(BLM) movement should campaign for the inclusion of more African American police officers instead of the defunding of the police force
THBT human rights activists in post-conflict societies should neither advocate for political parties nor run for election in the transition to democracy
THR the US-Taliban peace deal
TH prefers a world where each believer established their own connection to God,rather than establishing one through organized religion
Assuming that a technology exists that can accurately measure and transfer intelligence This House would radically redistribute intelligence among the population
THW ban essential service workers from striking
THR the glamorization of the portrayal of a "Genius"
THW break up persistently dominant political parties in emerging/developing democracies (e.g. the ANC in South Africa)
THS the managed relocation of biodiversity in response to climate change
Post the 2020 elections, and regardless of its outcomes, THBT the progressive faction of the Democrat Party should split to form a new major party
THBT governments in developing countries should prioritize increasing foreign tie-ups in public universities, over allowing the entry of foreign universities